The Shōgitai ( 彰義隊 , lit . "League to Demonstrate Righteousness" ) was an elite corps of the Shogunate during the Bakumatsu period in Japan . The Shōgitai took a large part in the battles of the Boshin war , especially at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and the Battle of Ueno , where they were nearly exterminated . Bakumatsu ( 幕末 , bakumatsu , "the end ( "matsu" ) of the military government ( "baku" , short for "bakufu" "tent-government" ) ) refers to the final years of the Edo period when the Tokugawa shogunate ended . Between 1853 and 1867 Japan ended its isolationist foreign policy known as "sakoku" and changed from a feudal Tokugawa shogunate to the pre-modern empire of the Meiji government . The major ideological-political divide during this period was between the pro-imperial nationalists called "ishin shishi" and the shogunate forces , which included the elite shinsengumi swordsmen .
Mark David Hollis ( born 4 January 1955 ) is an English former musician and singer-songwriter . He achieved commercial success in the 1980s as a singer with the synthpop/post-rock band Talk Talk , but retired from the music industry shortly after releasing his 1998 solo debut album . Kanako Momota ( 百田 夏菜子 , Momota Kanako , born July 12 , 1994 ) is a Japanese idol singer . She is best known as the leader of the female idol group Momoiro Clover Z. Momota was ranked 12th most popular Japanese idol of 2013 by "Nihon Keizai Shimbun" . She is represented by Stardust Promotion talent agency .
This overview contains the flags of dependent territories and other areas of special sovereignty . Territories without a separate flag other than that of their controlling country are excluded . A dependent territory , dependent area or dependency is a territory that does not possess full political independence or sovereignty as a sovereign state yet remains politically outside of the controlling state 's integral area .
China Blue is a 2005 documentary film directed by Micha Peled . It follows the life of Jasmine Li , a young seventeen-year-old worker from Sichuan province , in a Chinese jeans factory , "Lifeng Clothes Factory" ( 丽锋服饰制衣有限公司 ) in Shaxi , Guangdong producing Vigaze Jeans ( a company based in Istanbul , Turkey ) , hence the title . Jasmine earned about half a yuan for one hour 's work ( which amounted to about six US cents ) . Hot Girls Wanted is a 2015 American documentary on young adult pornography directed by Jill Bauer and Ronna Gradus . The film follows the lives of several 18- and 19-year-old pornographic actresses . The film premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival and was released on Netflix on May 29 , 2015 .
Patxi 's is a small pizzeria chain based in the San Francisco Bay Area , founded in San Francisco , California by William Freeman and Francisco “ Patxi ” Azpiroz . They specialize in Chicago-style pizza . Current locations include Palo Alto , Campbell , Lafayette , San Francisco , Greenbrae , San Jose , Seattle , and Denver . In April , 2014 , Patxi 's announced plans to open sixty new stores over the next five years . On November 6 , 2015 , Patxi 's partnered with UberEATS to offer $ 10.00 cheese pizzas that were delivered in a box that said "Little Nero 's" to honor the twenty-fifth anniversary of the release of the comedy film "Home Alone" . Bearno 's Pizza is a pizza franchise based in Louisville , Kentucky with about 14 locations in Kentucky and Indiana .
The Martian Manhunter ( J'onn J'onzz ) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . Created by writer Joseph Samachson and designed by artist Joe Certa , the character first appeared in the story "The Manhunter from Mars" in "Detective Comics" # 225 ( Nov. 1955 ) . Martian Manhunter is one of the seven original members of the Justice League of America . Tom Mandrake ( born May 26 , 1956 ) is an American comics artist , perhaps best known for his collaborations with writer John Ostrander on several series , including "Grimjack" ( from First Comics ) and "Firestorm" , "The Spectre" , and "Martian Manhunter" from DC Comics . < ref name=" John/Tom" > John Ostrander and Tom Mandrake collaborations at the Grand Comics Database < /ref >
Tron is a 1982 American science fiction action-adventure film written and directed by Steven Lisberger , based on a story by Lisberger and Bonnie MacBird and produced by Walt Disney Productions . The film stars Jeff Bridges as a computer programmer who is transported inside the software world of a mainframe computer where he interacts with programs in his attempt to escape . Bruce Boxleitner , David Warner , Cindy Morgan , and Barnard Hughes star in supporting roles . The Million Dollar Duck ( also titled as The $ 1,000,000 Duck ) is a 1971 American comedy film produced by Walt Disney Productions about a goose that lays golden eggs scenario . It was directed by Vincent McEveety , and stars Dean Jones , Sandy Duncan and Joe Flynn .
Warwick Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Warwick , Rhode Island , on the north side of Interstate 295 near the junction with Interstate 95 . Composed of more than 1000000 sqft of retail space , it features more than 80 stores and a food court . The mall opened for business in 1970 , with Boston-based Filene 's and Jordan Marsh alongside Providence-based Peerless and The Outlet , and national chain Woolworth as initial anchors , JCPenney being later added as a sixth anchor . Jordan 's Furniture is a furniture retailer in New England . There are currently seven locations - in Reading , Avon , Taunton , Natick , Massachusetts , Nashua , New Hampshire , Warwick Mall in Warwick , Rhode Island , and New Haven , Connecticut .
A Painkiller is a rum cocktail trademarked by Pusser 's Rum Ltd , their signature drink . It is often associated with Tiki establishments . The Painkiller is a blend of Pusser 's rum with 4 parts pineapple juice , 1 part cream of coconut and 1 part orange juice , well shaken and served over the rocks with a generous amount of fresh nutmeg on top . It may be made with either two , three or four ounces of Pusser 's dark rum . A "fizz" is a mixed drink variation on the older sours family of cocktail . Its defining features are an acidic juice ( such as lemon or lime ) and carbonated water .
In commerce , supply chain management ( SCM ) , the management of the flow of goods and services , involves the movement and storage of raw materials , of work-in-process inventory , and of finished goods from point of origin to point of consumption . Interconnected or interlinked networks , channels and node businesses combine in the provision of products and services required by end customers in a supply chain . Supply-chain management has been defined as the "design , planning , execution , control , and monitoring of supply chain activities with the objective of creating net value , building a competitive infrastructure , leveraging worldwide logistics , synchronizing supply with demand and measuring performance globally ." General Blood is a FDA registered and AABB accredited distributor of human blood , platelets , and plasma for hospitals , non-transfusion facilities , and group-purchasing organizations . General Blood 's process is designed to balance excesses and shortages of blood by improving supply chain efficiencies and logistical models within the blood distribution industry . The company ’ s goal is to redistribute blood supplies , increase competition in the distribution market , and lower the cost of health care in the United States . General Blood was established by creating an online marketplace where medical centers are able to post excess quantities of blood for sale and place orders to replenish blood supplies .
Russ Abbot ( born Russell A. Roberts ; 18 September 1947 ) is an English musician , comedian and actor . He first came to public notice during the 1970s as the singer and drummer with British comedy showband the "Black Abbots" , along with Leonard 'Lenny ' Reynolds , later forging a prominent solo career as a television comedian with his own weekly show on British television . Dream Street is a British children 's television series that ran from 6 May 1999 to 2002 on "CITV" . The show is narrated by British comedian Russ Abbot , and was aimed at children aged from 2 to 7 . The show featured talking toy vehicles , which were radio controlled in real time . The series aired back on CITV around 2008 .
Lucie Hradecká ( ] ; born 21 May 1985 in Prague ) is a professional tennis player from the Czech Republic . In her career , Hradecká has won 19 WTA doubles titles , and two Grand Slam titles , the 2011 French Open and the 2013 US Open , partnered both times by fellow Czech Andrea Hlaváčková . The pair are also the 2012 Olympic silver medallists in doubles . She has also won a mixed doubles Grand Slam title , the 2013 French Open with František Čermák . Her biggest singles career highlight to date was defeating former world number one Ana Ivanovic in the first round of the 2015 Australian Open . Raffaella Reggi ( born 27 November 1965 ; ] ) is a former professional tennis player from Italy .
Georg Ferdinand Ludwig Philipp Cantor ( ; ] ; March 3 [ O.S . February 19 ] 1845 – January 6 , 1918 ) was a German mathematician . He invented set theory , which has become a fundamental theory in mathematics . Cantor established the importance of one-to-one correspondence between the members of two sets , defined infinite and well-ordered sets , and proved that the real numbers are more numerous than the natural numbers . In fact , Cantor 's method of proof of this theorem implies the existence of an "infinity of infinities" . He defined the cardinal and ordinal numbers and their arithmetic . Cantor 's work is of great philosophical interest , a fact of which he was well aware . Vladimir Igorevich Arnold ( alternative spelling Arnol 'd , Russian : Влади́мир И́горевич Арно́льд , 12 June 1937 – 3 June 2010 ) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician . While he is best known for the Kolmogorov–Arnold–Moser theorem regarding the stability of integrable systems , he made important contributions in several areas including dynamical systems theory , catastrophe theory , topology , algebraic geometry , symplectic geometry , differential equations , classical mechanics , hydrodynamics and singularity theory , including posing the ADE classification problem , since his first main result—the solution of Hilbert 's thirteenth problem in 1957 at the age of 19 .
Ganzhou ( ) , formerly romanized as Kanchow , is a prefecture-level city in southern Jiangxi , China , bordering Fujian to the east , Guangdong to the south , and Hunan to the west . Its administrative seat is at Zhanggong District . Its population was 8,361,447 at the 2010 census whom 1,977,253 in the built-up ( or "metro" ) area made of Zhanggong and Nankang , and Ganxian largely being urbanized . Jimo ( ) is a District of Qingdao , Shandong .
Kelsea Nicole Ballerini ( born September 12 , 1993 ) is an American country pop singer and songwriter . She is signed to Black River Entertainment , and released her first album "The First Time" in 2015 . She received a nomination for Best New Artist at the 2017 Grammy Awards . Shani Gandhi is an Australian music producer/engineer based in Nashville , Tennessee . A native of Perth , she moved to Ithaca , New York in 2007 , to pursue a Bachelor of Music degree at Ithaca College . Her career in Nashville has paired her with such producers as Gary Paczosa , Michael Wagener , Neal Cappellino , and Marshall Altman . Gandhi has engineered and mixed albums for the likes of Alison Krauss & Union Station , George Jones & The Smoky Mountain Boys , Kelsea Ballerini , Sarah Jarosz , and Parker Millsap .
Boulder City Municipal Airport ( IATA : KBVU ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Boulder City , in Clark County , Nevada , United States . It is owned by Boulder City Municipality . José Aponte de la Torre Airport ( IATA : NRR , ICAO : TJRV , FAA LID : RVR ) is a public use airport owned by Puerto Rico Ports Authority and located 2 NM from the central business district of Ceiba , a town in Puerto Rico . It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 , which categorized it as a "general aviation" airport . The airport also offers scheduled passenger service via three commercial airlines to the islands of Vieques and Culebra , Puerto Rico .
Eugene Onegin ( Russian : Евгений Онегин , "Yevgény Onégin" ) , Op . 24 , is an opera ( "lyrical scenes" ) in 3 acts ( 7 scenes ) , composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky . The libretto , organised by the composer himself , very closely follows certain passages in Alexander Pushkin 's novel in verse , retaining much of his poetry . Tchaikovsky 's friend Konstantin Shilovsky contributed M. Triquet 's verses in Act 2 , Scene 1 , while Tchaikovsky himself arranged the text for Lensky 's arioso in Act 1 , Scene 1 , and almost all of Prince Gremin 's aria in Act 3 , Scene 1 . The Devil and Kate , Op . 112 , B.201 , ( "Čert a Káča" in Czech ) is an opera in three acts by Antonín Dvořák to a Czech libretto by Adolf Wenig . It is based on a farce by Josef Kajetán Tyl , and the story also had been treated in the "Fairy Tales" of Božena Němcová . The first performance of the opera was at the National Theatre , Prague , on 23 November 1899 , under Adolf Čech .
Herbie Rides Again is a 1974 American comedy film and a sequel to "The Love Bug ," released six years earlier , and the second in a series of films made by Walt Disney Productions starring an anthropomorphic ( and quite autonomous ) 1963 Volkswagen racing Beetle named Herbie . The movie starred Helen Hayes , Stefanie Powers , Ken Berry , and Keenan Wynn reprising his villainous role as Alonzo Hawk ( originated in the films "The Absent-Minded Professor" and "Son of Flubber" ) . Davy Crockett , King of the Wild Frontier is a 1955 live-action Walt Disney adventure film starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett . This film is an edited compilation of the first three stories from the Disney television miniseries "Davy Crockett" :
Profile Lake is a 13 acre water body located in Franconia Notch in the White Mountains of New Hampshire , at the foot of Cannon Mountain . The lake was given its name due to its location directly beneath the Old Man of the Mountain , a famous rock formation which collapsed in 2003 . The lake is near the height of land in Franconia Notch ; the lake 's outlet is the Pemigewasset River , which flows south to the Merrimack River and ultimately the Gulf of Maine ( Atlantic Ocean ) at Newburyport , Massachusetts . Cannon Mountain ( formerly Profile Mountain ) is a 4080 ft peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire . It is known for both its technical rock and ice climbing on its cliff face and skiing at Cannon Mountain Ski Area . Until the formation collapsed on May 3 , 2003 , it was also home to the Old Man of the Mountain .
Alejandro Yemenidjian ( born 27 December 1955 ) , also known as Alex Yemenidjian , is Chairman of the Board and CEO of Armenco Holdings , LLC . Yemenidjian is also Chairman of the Board and CEO of The New Tropicana Las Vegas , Inc. which owns the Tropicana Las Vegas . Tropicana Las Vegas is a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . It is owned and operated by Penn National Gaming and is a franchise of Hilton 's DoubleTree chain . It offers 1,467 rooms and a 50000 sqft gaming floor . Tropicana Las Vegas also has 72000 sqft of convention and exhibit space .
The Ochre Point–Cliffs Historic District is a historic district in Newport , Rhode Island . The district includes a significant subset of the Bellevue Avenue Historic District , a National Historic Landmark District , including all of the major Gilded Age mansions on the waterfront facing Easton Bay between Memorial Boulevard and Marine Avenue . The district is home to famous mansions such as the William Watts Sherman House and The Breakers , one of the largest houses in the area built by the Vanderbilt Family . The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 . The Breakers is a Vanderbilt mansion located on Ochre Point Avenue , Newport , Rhode Island , United States on the Atlantic Ocean . The building became a National Historic Landmark in 1994 , and is a contributing property to the Bellevue Avenue Historic District . It is owned and operated by the Preservation Society of Newport County and is open for visitation on a year-round basis .
The Baltic Cup ( Estonian : "Balti turniir" , Latvian : "Baltijas kauss" , Lithuanian : "Baltijos taurė" ) is a football competition contested between the Baltic states of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania every two years . During the Soviet era , when all the nations were part of the Soviet Union , Belarus also took part in some of the competitions . The 1991 season was the 71st season of competitive football ( soccer ) in Estonia . After gaining independence from the Soviet Union in August 1991 the Estonia national football team were managed by Uno Piir . In November the team competed at the reinstated Baltic Cup against the two other Baltic nations , Latvia and Lithuania . The FIFA did not recognize the matches at the tournament as official games .
Rio Airways was a regional passenger airline headquartered in Killeen , Texas , United States , which was operational from 1967 to 1987 . Rio Airways briefly operated code sharing flights on behalf of Delta Air Lines whereby Rio flights were booked and sold under the Delta Connection brand name . Prior to the Delta Connection service , Rio Airways ( Code "XO" ) operated independently but shared terminal gates at the DFW airport first with Texas International Airlines ( 1974 ) , then with Braniff ( 1975-1978 ) . Prior to operations at DFW it operated at Dallas Love Field , having its roots in two smaller commuter air carriers , Dal Airways and Hood Airways . Dallas Love Field ( IATA : DAL , ICAO : KDAL , FAA LID : DAL ) is a city-owned public airport 6 miles ( 10 km ) northwest of downtown Dallas , Texas . It was Dallas ' main airport until 1974 when Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport ( DFW ) opened .
James II and VII ( 14 October 1633 – 16 September 1701 ) was King of England and Ireland as James II and King of Scotland as James VII , from 6 February 1685 until he was deposed in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 . He was the last Roman Catholic monarch of England , Scotland and Ireland . Samuel Parker ( 1640 – 21 March 1688 ) was an English churchman , of strong Erastian views and a fierce opponent of Dissenters . His political position is often compared with that of Thomas Hobbes , but there are also clear differences ; he was also called in his time a Latitudinarian , but this is not something on which modern scholars are agreed . During the reign of King James II he served as Bishop of Oxford , and was considered by James to be a moderate in his attitude to Catholics .
Stray Arrows : A Collection of Favorites is the first compilation album released by the American alternative metal band Chevelle on December 4 , 2012 . It includes remastered versions of several hit songs , along with a previously unreleased b-side entitled "Fizgig ." The songs on the standard track listing ( except for "Sleep Apnea" , "The Meddler" and "Fizgig" ) all cracked the top 10 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks , with "Send the Pain Below" , "Vitamin R ( Leading Us Along )" , "Face to the Floor" and "Hats Off to the Bull" all reaching the No . 1 spot . Chevelle is an American alternative metal band that formed in 1995 in the Chicago suburb of Wildwood , Illinois . The band was originally composed of brothers : Pete Loeffler ( lead vocals and guitar ) , Sam Loeffler ( drums and percussion ) and Joe Loeffler ( bass and backing vocals ) . When Joe left the band in 2005 , Geno Lenardo subbed-in as the bassist until he was replaced by Pete and Sam 's brother-in-law , Dean Bernardini .
Richard Aldington ( 8 July 1892 – 27 July 1962 ) , born Edward Godfree Aldington , was an English writer and poet . Marge Piercy ( born March 31 , 1936 ) is an American poet , novelist , and social activist . Her work includes "Woman on the Edge of Time" ; "He , She and It" , which won the 1993 Arthur C. Clarke Award ; and "Gone to Soldiers" , a New York Times Best Seller and sweeping historical novel set during World War II .
Optimize was an American monthly business magazine published between November 2001 and June 2007 . Entrepreneur is an American magazine and website that carries news stories about entrepreneurship , small business management , and business . The magazine was first published in 1977 . It is published by Entrepreneur Media Inc. , headquartered in Irvine , California . The magazine publishes 12 issues annually , available through subscription and on newsstands . It is published under license internationally in Mexico , Russia , India , Hungary , the Philippines , South Africa , and others . Its editor-in-chief is Jason Feifer and its owner is Peter Shea .
SouthPark is a shopping mall named after the affluent SouthPark neighborhood the mall is located in . The mall is located approximately five miles ( 8 km ) south of Uptown Charlotte , North Carolina at the corner of Sharon and Fairview Roads . With 1790000 sqft , SouthPark is the largest mall in Charlotte and the Carolinas , as well as one of the most profitable malls in the country with sales at over $ 700 per square foot . It is the 10th largest on the East Coast and is the 28th largest in the United States . SouthPark is the most congested shopping area in the United States during Black Friday weekend . Black Friday ( ) is the day following Thanksgiving Day in the United States ( the fourth Thursday of November ) .
Jean Acker ( October 23 , 1893 – August 16 , 1978 ) was an American film actress with a career dating from the silent film era through the 1950s . She was perhaps best known as the estranged wife of silent film star Rudolph Valentino . The Ladder of Lies is a lost 1920 American drama silent film directed by Tom Forman and written by Edith M. Kennedy and Harold Vickers . The film stars Ethel Clayton , Clyde Fillmore , Jean Acker , Irving Cummings , Charles Meredith and Ruth Ashby . The film was released on July 11 , 1920 , by Paramount Pictures .
Jerome Storm ( November 11 , 1890 – July 10 , 1958 ) was an American film director , actor and writer . He acted in 48 films between 1914 and 1941 and directed 47 films between 1918 and 1932 . He was born in Denver , Colorado , and died in Desert Hot Springs , California . Andres Wood ( born in 1965 ) is a Chilean film director , producer and writer . Some of his most popular films include "Machuca" , "Violeta se fue a los cielos" , and "Historias de Futbol" . He created his own production company known as Wood Producciones in 1993 .
The Walther P38 is a 9 mm semi-automatic pistol that was developed by Walther arms as the service pistol of the Wehrmacht at the beginning of World War II . It was intended to replace the costly Luger P08 , the production of which was scheduled to end in 1942 . Metallwarenfabrik Spreewerk GmbH was a German weapons manufacturing company . Spreewerk produced a number of important weapons and components before and during World War II including 280,880 of the Walther P.38 pistol which was the standard service pistol of the German "Heer" , and the famous 8.8 cm Flak anti-aircraft gun .
Formula One 2001 is a racing video game for the PlayStation and PlayStation 2 developed by Studio 33 ( PS ) and Sony Studio Liverpool ( PS2 ) and published by Sony Computer Entertainment . It was released on 20 April 2001 in Europe , 24 September in North America and 11 October in Japan . The PlayStation 2 version was the first game to support the Logitech GT Force racing wheel . The PlayStation 2 ( PS2 ) is a home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment . It is the successor to the PlayStation , and is the second installment in the PlayStation lineup of consoles . It was released on March 4 , 2000 in Japan , October 26 , 2000 in North America , November 24 , 2000 in Europe , and November 17 , 2000 in Australia . It competed with Sega 's Dreamcast , Microsoft 's Xbox , and Nintendo 's GameCube in the sixth generation of video game consoles .
Zea is a genus of plants in the grass family . The best-known species is "Z. mays" , variously called maize , corn , or Indian corn , one of the most important crops for human societies over much of the world . Several wild species are commonly known as teosintes and are native to Mesoamerica . Sporobolus is a nearly cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family .
Michael Jones ( born November 18 , 1981 ) is an American rapper , actor , and entrepreneur . He initially was with Swishahouse , then left to found his own label , Ice Age . Before he was on Swishahouse he was in a group called Souf Folk , in which he used the alias Sache . He released one album with Souf Folk called "Country Thuggin" in 2003 . He is also known for his catchphrase "Mike Jones , who ?" usually repeated several times and for handing out shirts with his cell phone number ( 281-330-8004 ) printed on the back . Faces is the eleventh mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Mac Miller . It was released online via free digital download on May 11 , 2014 , by REMember Music . The mixtape features guest appearances from Rick Ross , Earl Sweatshirt , ScHoolboy Q , Mike Jones , Sir Michael Rocks , Vince Staples , Ab-Soul , Da $ H , and King Ralph of Malibu .
19 Kids and Counting ( formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting ) is an American reality television show that aired on the cable channel TLC for seven years until its cancellation in 2015 . The show features the Duggar family : parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their 19 children—nine girls and 10 boys , all of whose names begin with the letter "J" . During the life of the show , three children were born , three children were married and four grandchildren born . Counting On ( formerly Jill & Jessa : Counting On ) is an American reality television show that has aired on the cable channel TLC since 2015 . A spin-off show of "19 Kids and Counting" , it features the Duggar family : Jill Dillard , Jessa Seewald , sixteen of their seventeen siblings , and parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar . The show was created in the wake of the Josh Duggar molestation controversy and subsequent cancellation of 19 Kids and Counting .
No Cross , No Crown is one of the chief works of William Penn , first published in 1669 . It was written during Penn 's imprisonment in the Tower of London . The Tower of London , officially Her Majesty 's Royal Palace and Fortress of the Tower of London , is a historic castle located on the north bank of the River Thames in central London . It lies within the London Borough of Tower Hamlets , separated from the eastern edge of the square mile of the City of London by the open space known as Tower Hill . It was founded towards the end of 1066 as part of the Norman Conquest of England . The White Tower , which gives the entire castle its name , was built by William the Conqueror in 1078 and was a resented symbol of oppression , inflicted upon London by the new ruling elite . The castle was used as a prison from 1100 ( Ranulf Flambard ) until 1952 ( Kray twins ) , although that was not its primary purpose . A grand palace early in its history , it served as a royal residence . As a whole , the Tower is a complex of several buildings set within two concentric rings of defensive walls and a moat . There were several phases of expansion , mainly under Kings Richard the Lionheart , Henry III , and Edward I in the 12th and 13th centuries . The general layout established by the late 13th century remains despite later activity on the site .
Kevin Maurice Garnett ( born May 19 , 1976 ) is an American former professional basketball player who played for 21 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played the power forward and center positions . In high school , Garnett was a 1995 McDonald 's All-American at Farragut Career Academy and won a national player of the year award . He entered the 1995 NBA draft , where he was selected with the fifth overall pick by the Minnesota Timberwolves and became the first NBA player drafted directly out of high school in 20 years . The 2000–01 NBA season was the Timberwolves ' 12th season in the National Basketball Association . After the death of Malik Sealy , the Timberwolves scrambled to find a replacement for him , signing free agent Chauncey Billups , a close friend of Kevin Garnett while signing LaPhonso Ellis . Meanwhile , the Timberwolves secret free agent deal signed by Joe Smith was voided by the NBA , who ruled their proper procedure in signing the contract , while stripping their first round draft picks for the next five seasons and fined $ 3.5 million . Smith would sign with the Detroit Pistons , and the Timberwolves ' owner Glen Taylor , and vice president Kevin McHale were both suspended for one year . Despite the troubles , the Timberwolves posted an 11-game winning streak midway through the season , and finished fourth in the Midwest Division with a 47–35 record , with Garnett being selected for the 2001 NBA All-Star Game .
Yana "Yanka" Stanislavovna Dyagileva ( Russian : Яна Станиславовна Дягилева ; 4 September 1966 – 9 May 1991 ) was a Russian poet and singer-songwriter and one of the most popular figures of her time in Russia 's underground punk scene . She both played solo and performed with others , including Yegor Letov and bands Grazhdanskaya Oborona and Velikiye Oktyabri ( "Great Octobers" ) . Dyagileva was greatly influenced by Letov and Alexander Bashlachev , who were her friends . Her songs explored themes of desperation and depression , punk-style nihilism , and folk-like lamentations . Alexander Nickolaevich Bashlachev ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Башлачёв ; ] ; May 27 , 1960 – February 17 , 1988 ) was a Soviet poet , singer-songwriter and guitarist , one of the most influential performers in Russian rock music , included in the 27 Club .
Dana Robins Ivey ( born August 12 , 1941 ) is an American actress . She is a five-time Tony Award nominee for her work on Broadway , and won the 1997 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play for her work in both "Sex and Longing" and "The Last Night of Ballyhoo" . Her film appearances include "The Color Purple" ( 1985 ) , "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" ( 1988 ) , "The Addams Family" ( 1991 ) , "Two Weeks Notice" ( 2002 ) , "Rush Hour 3" ( 2007 ) and "The Help" ( 2011 ) . Two Weeks Notice is a 2002 Australian-American romantic comedy film starring Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock . The film was written and directed by Marc Lawrence , who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for Bullock , "Miss Congeniality" and "Forces of Nature" . Although critical response was mixed , the film received a successful box office run , both in the United States and globally .
Phoebe Ruguru ( born 1997 ) is a Kenyan film director and producer known for winning the 2014 modern day slavery short film competition in London . Her winning film "Saidia" ( Swahili for "help" ) was shot entirety on her iPhone 4s alongside her producer friends Njue Kevin and Bill Jones Afwani . The iPhone 4S ( retroactively stylized with a lowercase 's ' as iPhone 4s as of September 2013 ) is a smartphone that was designed and marketed by Apple Inc . It is the fifth generation of the iPhone , succeeding the iPhone 4 and preceding the iPhone 5 . Announced on October 4 , 2011 at Apple 's Cupertino campus , its media coverage was accompanied by news of the death of former Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs on the following day .
Hu Lanqi ( ; 1901 – 13 December 1994 ) was a Chinese writer and military leader . She joined the National Revolutionary Army in 1927 and the Chinese branch of the Communist Party of Germany in 1930 . She was imprisoned by Nazi Germany in 1933 and wrote an influential memoir of her experience , for which she was invited by Maxim Gorky to meet him in Moscow . After the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937 , she organized a team of women soldiers to resist the Japanese invasion , and became the first woman to be awarded the rank of Major General by the Republic of China . She supported the Communists during the Chinese Civil War , but was persecuted during Mao Zedong 's political campaigns following the Communist victory in China . She survived the Cultural Revolution to see her political rehabilitation , and published a detailed memoir of her life in the 1980s . Alexei Maximovich Peshkov ( Russian : Алексе́й Макси́мович Пешко́в or Пе́шков ; 28 March [ O.S . 16 March ] 1868 – 18 June 1936 ) , primarily known as Maxim ( Maksim ) Gorky ( ; Russian : Макси́м Го́рький ) , was a Russian and Soviet writer , a founder of the socialist realism literary method and a political activist . He was also a five-time nominee for the Nobel Prize in Literature . Around fifteen years before success as a writer , he frequently changed jobs and roamed across the Russian Empire ; these experiences would later influence his writing . Gorky 's most famous works were "The Lower Depths" ( 1902 ) , "Twenty-six Men and a Girl" , "The Song of the Stormy Petrel" , "My Childhood" ," The Mother" , "Summerfolk" and "Children of the Sun" . He had an association with fellow Russian writers Leo Tolstoy and Anton Chekhov ; Gorky would later mention them in his memoirs .
Hoonah Airport ( IATA : HNH , ICAO : PAOH , FAA LID : HNH ) is a state-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Hoonah , Alaska . Mobile Regional Airport ( IATA : MOB , ICAO : KMOB , FAA LID : MOB ) is a combined public/military airport 13 miles west of the city of Mobile , in Mobile County , Alabama . It is near Pascagoula , Mississippi . The airport is owned and operated by the Mobile Airport Authority , a self-funded entity that receives no local tax dollars .
Harry Stephen Keeler ( November 3 , 1890 – January 22 , 1967 ) was a prolific but little-known American author of mysteries and science fiction . Richard Harding Davis ( April 18 , 1864 – April 11 , 1916 ) was an American journalist and writer of fiction and drama , known foremost as the first American war correspondent to cover the Spanish–American War , the Second Boer War , and the First World War . His writing greatly assisted the political career of Theodore Roosevelt and he also played a major role in the evolution of the American magazine . His influence extended to the world of fashion and he is credited with making the clean-shaven look popular among men at the turn of the 20th century .
Edward Charles "Ed" Hugler ( born February 7 , 1950 ) is Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations in the U.S. Department of Labor 's Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management . That position has been his formal position at the United States Department of Labor since April 2000 . However , he served as Acting Secretary of Labor from February 2–24 , 2009 , when Hilda Solis 's nomination by President Barack Obama became bogged down during Senate confirmation hearings . He stepped down from the position when Solis was confirmed and sworn in as Secretary of Labor . Ed Hugler served as Acting Secretary of Labor from January 20 , 2017 to April 28 , 2017 until when Alexander Acosta was confirmed and sworn into office . Rene Alexander Acosta ( born January 16 , 1969 ) is an American attorney , academic , and politician who is the 27th and current United States Secretary of Labor . A Republican , he was appointed by President George W. Bush to the National Labor Relations Board and later served as Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights and federal prosecutor for the Southern District of Florida . On , President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to be United States Secretary of Labor . Acosta is the first and only Hispanic member of Trump 's cabinet so far . He is the former dean of Florida International University College of Law .
Steven Rattazzi is an American actor . He provides the voice for the character of Doctor Byron Orpheus on the Adult Swim animated series "The Venture Bros." He has also done some Off-Off-Broadway shows . The Venture Bros. is an American animated television series that was created by Christopher McCulloch ( also known as "Jackson Publick" ) and premiered on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim with a pilot episode on February 16 , 2003 and its first season beginning on August 7 , 2004 . It is considered to be an action/adventure series with comedy-drama elements . The show has been renewed for a seventh and eighth season to consist of ten episodes each .
Somebody 's Daughter is a 1992 television film starring Nicollette Sheridan , Nick Mancuso , Boyd Kestner , Michael Cavanaugh , Max Gail and Richard Lineback . It was directed by Joseph Sargent and written by Lauren Currier . Maxwell Trowbridge "Max" Gail Jr. ( born April 5 , 1943 ) is an American actor who has starred in stage , television , and film roles . He most notably portrayed the role of Detective Stan "Wojo" Wojciehowicz on the television sitcom "Barney Miller" .
Ann Beattie ( born September 8 , 1947 ) is an American novelist and short story writer . She has received an award for excellence from the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters and the PEN/Malamud Award for excellence in the short story form . Her work has been compared to that of Alice Adams , J.D . Salinger , John Cheever , and John Updike . She holds an undergraduate degree from American University and a master 's degree from the University of Connecticut . Stephen Jay Gould ( ; September 10 , 1941 – May 20 , 2002 ) was an American paleontologist , evolutionary biologist , and historian of science . He was also one of the most influential and widely read writers of popular science of his generation . Gould spent most of his career teaching at Harvard University and working at the American Museum of Natural History in New York . In 1996 Gould was also appointed as the Vincent Astor Visiting Research Professor of Biology at New York University , where he divided his time teaching both there and at Harvard .
U.S . Marshals is a 1998 American action crime thriller film directed by Stuart Baird . The storyline was conceived from a screenplay written by Roy Huggins and John Pogue . The film is a spin-off to the 1993 motion picture "The Fugitive" , which in turn was based on the 1960s television series of the same name , created by Huggins . The story does not involve the character of Dr. Richard Kimble , portrayed by Harrison Ford in the initial film , but instead the plot centers on United States Deputy Marshal Sam Gerard , once again played by Tommy Lee Jones . The plot follows Gerard and his team as they pursue another fugitive Mark Warren , played by Wesley Snipes , who attempts to escape government officials following an international conspiracy scandal . The cast features Robert Downey , Jr. , Joe Pantoliano , Daniel Roebuck , Tom Wood , and LaTanya Richardson , several of whom portrayed Deputy Marshals in the previous film . Irène Marie Jacob ( born 15 July 1966 ) is a French-Swiss actress known for her work with Polish film director Krzysztof Kieślowski . She won the 1991 Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for the Kieślowski film "The Double Life of Véronique" , and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role for his 1994 film "" . Her other film appearances include "The Secret Garden" ( 1993 ) , "Beyond the Clouds" ( 1995 ) , "U.S . Marshals" ( 1998 ) , and "Eternity" ( 2016 ) .
David Hilbert ( ] ; 23 January 1862 – 14 February 1943 ) was a German mathematician . He is recognized as one of the most influential and universal mathematicians of the 19th and early 20th centuries . Hilbert discovered and developed a broad range of fundamental ideas in many areas , including invariant theory and the axiomatization of geometry . He also formulated the theory of Hilbert spaces , one of the foundations of functional analysis . The terminology of algebraic geometry changed drastically during the twentieth century , with the introduction of the general methods , initiated by David Hilbert and the Italian school of algebraic geometry in the beginning of the century , and later formalized by André Weil , Serre and Grothendieck . Much of the classical terminology , mainly based on case study , was simply abandoned , with the result that books and papers written before this time can be hard to read . This article lists some of this classical terminology , and describes some of the changes in conventions .
Noble Roman 's is a pizza company based in Indianapolis , Indiana . Vocelli Pizza ( formerly Pizza Outlet ) is a pizzeria based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . s of 2008 , the chain has stores in the District of Columbia , Florida , Maryland , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Virginia , and West Virginia . The trade magazine "Pizza Today" ranked Vocelli Pizza in their Top 100 pizza franchises for 2007 , based on its 2006 sales of $ 55 million .
The 2016–17 NHL season was the 100th season of operation ( 99th season of play ) of the National Hockey League . Thirty teams were competing in an 82-game regular season from October 12 , 2016 , to April 9 , 2017 . The 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs began on April 12 and concluded on June 11 , with the Pittsburgh Penguins winning the Stanley Cup over the Nashville Predators in 6 games . On June 11 , the Pittsburgh Penguins became the first team to repeat as Stanley Cup champions since the Detroit Red Wings in 1997–98 , winning their franchise 's fifth Stanley Cup and their third in nine seasons . The 2016–17 Dallas Stars season was the 50th season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 5 , 1967 , and 24th season since the franchise relocated from Minnesota prior to the start of the 1993–94 NHL season . The Stars missed the playoffs , finishing 11th in the Western Conference .
Jang Joon-hwan ( born January 18 , 1970 ) is a South Korean film director . Peter James Yates ( 24 July 1929 – 9 January 2011 ) was an English film director and producer . He was born in Aldershot , Hampshire .
Pol Pot ( , ; Khmer : ប៉ុល ពត ; 19 May 1925 – 15 April 1998 , born Saloth Sar ; Khmer : សាឡុត ស ) was a Cambodian politician and revolutionary who led the Khmer Rouge from 1963 until 1997 . From 1963 to 1981 , he served as the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Kampuchea . As such , he became the leader of Cambodia on 17 April 1975 , when his forces captured Phnom Penh . From 1976 to 1979 , he also served as the Prime Minister of Democratic Kampuchea ( 30th Prime Minister of Cambodia ) . General elections were held in Democratic Kampuchea on 20 March 1976 , following the Khmer Rouge 's victory over the Lon Nol government in April 1975 . A total of 515 candidates for the 250 seats were put forward by the Communist-dominated National United Front of Cambodia , 150 of whom were to be elected from among the peasantry , 50 from the industrial workers , and 50 from the Kampuchean Revolutionary Army . Following the election , the newly elected Assembly convened on 11 April , electing a new administration with General Secretary Pol Pot as Prime Minister and his interim predecessor Khieu Samphan as President of the State Presidium , ousting Prince of Cambodia Norodom Sihanouk . Voter turnout was reported to be 98.0 % .
Colleen Planeta ( born September 3 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player . She currently plays for the Adelaide Lightning in the WNBL . The Adelaide Lightning are an Australian professional women 's basketball team competing in the Women 's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) . The club is based in the city of Adelaide , South Australia . The club was formed in 1993 and they play in the 8,000-seat Titanium Security Arena .
"Got My Mind Set on You" is a song written and composed by Rudy Clark and originally recorded by James Ray in 1962 , under the title "I 've Got My Mind Set on You" . An edited version of the song was released later in the year as a single on the Dynamic Sound label . In 1987 , George Harrison released a cover version of the song as a single , and released it on his album , "Cloud Nine ," which he had recorded on his own Dark Horse Records label . "China in Your Hand" is a song by the British band T'Pau , released from their album "Bridge of Spies" . A re-recorded version was released as a single in October 1987 , spending five weeks at number one in the UK and is arguably the song for which the group is best known in their native Britain , though their debut single "Heart and Soul" was a much bigger hit in the United States . "China in Your Hand" was the 600th single to top the UK charts and kept George Harrison 's "Got My Mind Set on You" from hitting the top spot . In 2015 , the power ballad was voted by the British public as the nation 's 11th favourite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV .
André Léon Marie Nicolas Rieu ( born 1 October 1949 ) is a Dutch violinist and conductor best known for creating the waltz-playing Johann Strauss Orchestra . Together they have turned classical and waltz music into a worldwide concert touring act , as successful as some of the biggest global pop and rock music acts . The Johann Strauss Orchestra was founded by André Rieu in 1987 . At the time of its first concert on January 1 , 1988 , the orchestra consisted of 12 musicians . By 2008 the orchestra had expanded to 43 members and has performed regularly with guest musicians and singers such as Carla Maffioletti , Mirusia Louwerse , Carmen Monarcha and the Platin Tenors . The orchestra is well known for performing classical works with a distinctly unorthodox frivolity , joking with the audience and performing all sorts of antics .
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain is an 1876 novel about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River . It is set in the fictional town of St. Petersburg , inspired by Hannibal , Missouri , where Twain lived . Truman W. "True" Williams ( March 22 , 1839 – November 23 , 1897 ) was an American artist known as the most prolific illustrator to Mark Twain 's books and novels . He drew all illustrations to the first edition of "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" ( 1876 ) and was thus the first to illustrate such characters as Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn . He was also sole illustrator of Twain 's "Sketches , New and Old" and primary illustrator of "Roughing It" and "The Innocents Abroad" . Working with a number of publishers he also illustrated works by writers Bill Nye , George W. Peck , Joaquin Miller , and others . His style in "Tom Sawyer" influenced E. W. Kemble 's work in his illustrations to "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" ( 1884 ) .
Wolf Creek is a 2005 Australian horror film written , co-produced , and directed by Greg McLean , and starring John Jarratt . The story revolves around three backpackers who find themselves taken captive and after a brief escape , hunted down by Mick Taylor in the Australian outback . The film was ambiguously marketed as being "based on true events" ; the plot bore elements reminiscent of the real-life murders of tourists by Ivan Milat in the 1990s and Bradley Murdoch in 2001 . David Lightfoot worked on the horror films "Wolf Creek" and "Rogue" .
Sir George Cayley , 6th Baronet ( 27 December 1773 – 15 December 1857 ) was a prolific English engineer and is one of the most important people in the history of aeronautics . Many consider him to be the first true scientific aerial investigator and the first person to understand the underlying principles and forces of flight . A hot air engine ( historically called an air engine or caloric engine ) is any heat engine that uses the expansion and contraction of air under the influence of a temperature change to convert thermal energy into mechanical work . These engines may be based on a number of thermodynamic cycles encompassing both open cycle devices such as those of Sir George Cayley and John Ericsson and the closed cycle engine of Robert Stirling . Hot air engines are distinct from the better known internal combustion based engine and steam engine .
"Magic Bus" is a song written by Pete Townshend during the time that "My Generation" was being recorded in 1965 . However , it was not recorded by The Who until 1968 and released in the UK on 18 September 1968 . It has become one of the band 's most popular songs and has been a concert staple , although when released , the record only reached number 26 in the United Kingdom and number 25 in the United States . Peter Dennis Blandford Townshend ( born 19 May 1945 ) is an English musician , singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist , best known as the lead guitarist , backing vocalist , and main songwriter for the rock band the Who . His career with the Who spans over 50 years , during which time the band grew to be considered one of the most influential bands of the 20th century .
Stalybridge Celtic Football Club is an English football club based in Stalybridge , Greater Manchester . They are currently members of the Northern Premier League Premier Division and play at Bower Fold . The team traditionally plays in a blue and white strip . Fred Mace ( October quarter 1895 – 5 November 1962 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper . Born in Hayfield , Derbyshire , he began his playing career in local-league football with Godley Athletic and Copley Celtic . In 1919 , he joined Lancashire Combination side Stalybridge Celtic . The club was one of the founder members of the Football League Third Division North two years later , and Mace made one league appearance for them . Stalybridge left the Football League in 1923 to play in the Cheshire County League , where Mace was described as one of the best goalkeepers in the competition .
Thirlestane Castle is a castle set in extensive parklands near Lauder in the Borders of Scotland . The site is aptly named Castle Hill , as it stands upon raised ground . However , the raised land is within Lauderdale , the valley of the Leader Water . The land has been in the ownership of the Maitland family since 1587 , and Thirlestane served as the seat of the Earls of Lauderdale . The castle was substantially extended in the 1670s by the first and only Duke of Lauderdale . Further additions were made in the 19th century . The castle is now cared for by a charitable trust , and is open to the public . Sir Richard Maitland of Lethington and Thirlstane ( 1496 – 1 August 1586 ) was a Senator of the College of Justice , an Ordinary Lord of Session from 1561 until 1584 , and notable Scottish poet . He was served heir to his father , Sir William Maitland of Lethington , East Lothian , and Thirlestane , Berwickshire , on 15 October 1515 , his father being one of the casualties at the Battle of Flodden . He held the political office of Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland and was also the Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotland , from 1563 to 1567 , and was succeeded in this post by his son Sir John Maitland , 1st Lord Maitland of Thirlestane .
Timothy Scott "Tim" Couch ( born July 31 , 1977 ) is a former American college and professional football player who was a quarterback in the National Football League ( NFL ) for five seasons . He played college football for the University of Kentucky and earned All-America honors . He was selected first overall by the reactivated Cleveland Browns in the 1999 NFL Draft . Kabisa Akili Maradufu Smith ( born August 21 , 1975 ) is a former American and Canadian football quarterback . He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the first round ( 3rd overall ) of the 1999 NFL Draft , the third quarterback in the first three choices , behind Tim Couch ( Cleveland Browns ) , and Donovan McNabb ( Philadelphia Eagles ) . He played college football at Oregon .
Modest Mouse is an American rock band formed in 1992 in Issaquah , Washington ( a suburb of Seattle ) , and currently based in Portland , Oregon . The founding members are lead singer/guitarist Isaac Brock , drummer Jeremiah Green , and bassist Eric Judy . Strongly influenced by groups Pavement , the Pixies , XTC , and Talking Heads , the band rehearsed , rearranged , and recorded demos for almost two years before finally signing with small-town indie label , K Records , and releasing numerous singles . Since the band 's 1996 debut album , "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About" , the group 's lineup has centered on Brock and Green . Judy performed on every Modest Mouse album until his departure in 2012 . Guitarist Johnny Marr ( formerly of the Smiths ) joined the band in 2006 , shortly following percussionist Joe Plummer ( formerly of the Black Heart Procession ) and multi-instrumentalist Tom Peloso , to work on the album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank" . Guitarist Jim Fairchild joined the band in 2009 . The band 's sixth album , "Strangers to Ourselves" , was released on March 17 , 2015 . Davey Brozowski ( born October 17 , 1982 ) is a drummer and percussionist from Seattle , WA . He currently tours with Modest Mouse as their percussionist . Other acts include Cayucas , The Catheters , Black Whales , and Tall Birds . In 2010 Brozowski also toured with Broken Bells as their live percussionist alongside Brian Burton aka Dangermouse . He also played drums songs during the set when Burton would move to keys or guitar .
Spencer Gifts LLC , doing business as Spencer 's , is a North American mall retailer with over 600 stores in the United States and Canada . Their stores specialize in novelty and gag gifts , and also sell clothing , band merchandise , sex toys , room decor , collectible figures , fashion and body jewelry , and fantasy and horror items . The company also owns and operates a seasonal retailer , Spirit Halloween . Spirit Halloween LLC is a seasonal retailer that supplies Halloween decorations , costumes and accessories . It was founded in 1983 and is based in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . In 1999 , the store had 60 seasonal locations and was purchased by Spencer Gifts .
Fun and Fancy Free is a 1947 American live-action animated musical fantasy comedy package film produced by Walt Disney and released on September 27 , 1947 by RKO Radio Pictures . It is the 9th Disney animated feature film and the fourth of the package films the studio produced in the 1940s in order to save money during World War II . The Disney package films of the late 1940s helped finance "Cinderella" , and subsequent others , such as "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" . African Cats is a 2011 nature documentary film directed by Keith Scholey and Alastair Fothergill about a pride of lions and a family of cheetahs trying to survive on the African savannah . The film was released theatrically by Disneynature on Earth Day , April 22 , 2011 . The film is narrated by Samuel L. Jackson ( Patrick Stewart in the UK release ) . A portion of the proceeds for the film were donated to the African Wildlife Foundation and their effort to preserve Kenya 's Amboseli Wildlife Corridor . The film 's initiative with the African Wildlife Foundation is named "See African Cats , Save the Savanna ," and as of May 2 , 2011 , ticket sales translated into 50,000 acres of land saved in Kenya .
Pan American World Airways , known from its founding until 1950 as Pan American Airways and commonly known as Pan Am , was the principal and largest international air carrier in the United States from 1927 until its collapse on December 4 , 1991 . Founded in 1927 as a scheduled air mail and passenger service operating between Key West , Florida , and Havana , Cuba , the airline became a major company credited with many innovations that shaped the international airline industry , including the widespread use of jet aircraft , jumbo jets , and computerized reservation systems . It was also a founding member of the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) , the global airline industry association . Identified by its blue globe logo ( "The Blue Meatball" ) , the use of the word "Clipper" in aircraft names and call signs , and the white pilot uniform caps , the airline was a cultural icon of the 20th century . In an era dominated by flag carriers that were wholly or majority government-owned , it was also the unofficial overseas flag carrier of the United States . During most of the jet era , Pan Am 's flagship terminal was the Worldport located at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City . Pan Am Cargo or Clipper Cargo was a subsidiary cargo airline of Pan American World Airways . Pan Am Cargo first used propeller aircraft just as the Douglas DC-4 . In 1963 , Pan Am 's all cargo jet service began in 1963 with Boeing 707-321C and it dominated Pan Am in air cargo market .
Hidden City Entertainment was a game publisher founded in 2004 ( as Hidden City Games , Inc. ) by Jesper Myrfors and Paul Peterson to develop and market the chip-throwing game , "Clout Fantasy ." After Clout was developed the company recruited Peter Adkison as CEO . Jesper Myrfors ( born 1964 in Sweden ) is a founding member of Hidden City Games and Clout Fantasy .
Stockton Heath is a civil parish and suburb of Warrington , Cheshire , England . It is located to the north of the Bridgewater Canal and to the south of the Manchester Ship Canal , which divides Stockton Heath from Latchford and north Warrington . It has a total resident population of 6,396 . Densmore Ronald Dover ( born 4 April 1938 in Stockton Heath , Cheshire ) , known as Den Dover , is a British politician . Representing the Conservative Party , he was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the constituency of Chorley from 1979 to 1997 . He then served as a Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) for the North West England region from 1999 to 2009 .
Located in the shadow of Mount Vesuvius , Herculaneum ( Italian : "Ercolano" ) was an ancient Roman town destroyed by volcanic pyroclastic flows in 79 AD . Its ruins are located in the "comune" of Ercolano , Campania , Italy . Louis XVI style , frequently also called Louis Seize , is a characteristic French style in art , architecture , and decorative motif which developed during the 19-year reign of the French monarch Louis XVI ( 1774–1793 ) though it often thought to encompass nearly twice that many ( 1750-1800 ) . It saw the final phase of Rococo-style art as well as the birth of French neoclassicism and the Directoire style which followed it : whereas Rococo has become labeled as overdone and gawdy with its constant use of symmetric flourishes and excessive precise decoration , neoclassicism sought to evoke the artistic styles that were just then being rediscovered in Herculaneum and Pompeii : the straight column , the simplicity of the post-and-lintel , the architrave of the Greek temple , etc. , as well as the Rousseau-inspired values of returning to nature and the view of nature as an idealized and wild but still orderly and inherently worthy model for the arts to follow .
Genealogy is an Armenian supergroup that was formed to represent Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 . Five of the six members come from a different continent of the Armenian diaspora whose families once spread all over the world after the Armenian Genocide of 1915 . The five artists from the diaspora also symbolize the five petals of the forget-me-not ( official logo of the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide , commemorated in April 2015 ) , while the center of the flower is represented by the sixth artist , actually from the Republic of Armenia . The Eurovision Song Contest 2015 was the 60th edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest musical event . The contest took place in Vienna , Austria , following Austrian Conchita Wurst 's victory in the 2014 edition . This was the second time that Austria hosted the contest ; the 1967 edition being the first ( also hosted in Vienna ) . The 2015 contest consisted of two semi-finals , which took place on 3-4 October , and a final , held on 5 October 2015 . The shows were presented by Mirjam Weichselbraun , Alice Tumler and Arabella Kiesbauer while Conchita Wurst was hosting the green room . Forty countries participated in the contest , with Australia making a guest appearance , and Cyprus , the Czech Republic , and Serbia returning . Ukraine , however , announced their withdrawal due to financial and political reasons around the Ukrainian crisis .
The Greatest Game Ever Played is a 2005 biographical sports film based on the early life of golf champion Francis Ouimet . The film was directed by Bill Paxton , and was his last film as a director . Shia LaBeouf plays the role of Ouimet . The film 's screenplay was adapted by Mark Frost from his book , "The Greatest Game Ever Played : Harry Vardon , Francis Ouimet , and the Birth of Modern Golf" . It was shot in Montreal , Canada , with the Kanawaki Golf Club , in Kahnawake , Quebec , the site of the golf sequences . Hot Lead and Cold Feet ( originally titled Welcome to Bloodshy ) is a 1978 American comedy-western film produced by Walt Disney Productions and starring Jim Dale , Karen Valentine , Don Knotts , Jack Elam and Darren McGavin .
The Pacific War , sometimes called the Asia-Pacific War , was the theater of World War II that was fought in the Pacific and East Asia . It was fought over a vast area that included the Pacific Ocean and islands , the South West Pacific , South-East Asia , and in China ( including the 1945 Soviet–Japanese conflict ) . No . 22 ( City of Sydney ) Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) mixed Permanent and Reserve squadron that provides support for the RAAF in the Sydney region . Formed in 1936 , the squadron served in Papua New Guinea during the Second World War , and later followed the Pacific War as far as the Philippines . Following the war , the squadron was re-formed in 1948 but was converted to a non-flying support role in mid-1960 . It is currently based at RAAF Base Richmond , New South Wales .
Bolton ( or locally ] ) is a town in Greater Manchester in North West England . A former mill town , Bolton has been a production centre for textiles since Flemish weavers settled in the area in the 14th century , introducing a wool and cotton-weaving tradition . The urbanisation and development of the town largely coincided with the introduction of textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution . Bolton was a 19th-century boomtown , and at its zenith in 1929 its 216 cotton mills and 26 bleaching and dyeing works made it one of the largest and most productive centres of cotton spinning in the world . The British cotton industry declined sharply after the First World War , and by the 1980s cotton manufacture had virtually ceased in Bolton . Rivington Hall Barn adjoins Rivington Hall in Rivington , Lancashire , near Chorley and Bolton . The barn may date from between the 9th and 13th centuries , but more likely the 16th century , and was restored , altered and enlarged in 1905 by Jonathan Simpson for Lord Leverhulme . It is a Grade II Listed building .
The Love for Three Oranges , Op . 33 , also known by its French language title L'amour des trois oranges ( Russian : Любовь к трём апельсинам , "Lyubov ' k tryom apel'sinam" ) , is a satirical opera by Sergei Prokofiev . Its French libretto was based on the Italian play "L'amore delle tre melarance" by Carlo Gozzi . The opera premiered at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago , Illinois , on 30 December 1921 . Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev ( ; Russian : Сергей Сергеевич Прокофьев , "Sergej Sergejevič Prokofjev" ; 27 April 1891 – 5 March 1953 ) was a Soviet composer , pianist and conductor . As the creator of acknowledged masterpieces across numerous musical genres , he is regarded as one of the major composers of the 20th century . His works include such widely heard works as the March from "The Love for Three Oranges ," the suite "Lieutenant Kijé" , the ballet "Romeo and Juliet" – from which "Dance of the Knights" is taken – and "Peter and the Wolf ." Of the established forms and genres in which he worked , he created – excluding juvenilia – seven completed operas , seven symphonies , eight ballets , five piano concertos , two violin concertos , a cello concerto , a Symphony-Concerto for cello and orchestra , and nine completed piano sonatas .
The University of Zurich ( UZH , German : "Universität Zürich" ) , located in the city of Zürich , is the largest university in Switzerland , with over 26,000 students . It was founded in 1833 from the existing colleges of theology , law , medicine and a new faculty of philosophy . Eduard Schweizer ( 1913-2006 ) was a Swiss New Testament scholar who taught at the University of Zurich for an extended period . He won the Burkitt Medal for Biblical Studies in 1996 .
13 Engines was a Canadian alternative rock band active in the 1990s . Oingo Boingo was an American new wave band , best known for their hits "Dead Man 's Party" and "Weird Science" . They are noted for their soundtrack contributions and high energy Halloween concerts , as well as their mixture of styles , including ska , pop , rock , and world music . The band was founded in 1972 as The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo , a performance art group . The band was led by songwriter/vocalist Danny Elfman , who has since achieved success as a composer for film and television .
Don Van Vliet ( , born Don Glen Vliet ; January 15 , 1941 – December 17 , 2010 ) was an American singer , songwriter , musician and artist best known by the stage name Captain Beefheart . His musical work was conducted with a rotating ensemble of musicians called the Magic Band ( 1964–1982 ) , with whom he recorded 13 studio albums . Noted for his powerful singing voice and his wide vocal range , Van Vliet also played the harmonica , saxophone , and numerous other wind instruments . His music integrated blues , rock , psychedelia , and free jazz with contemporary experimental composition and the avant-garde . Beefheart was also known for often constructing myths about his life and for exercising an almost dictatorial control over his supporting musicians . The Legendary A & M Sessions is an extended play featuring five songs by Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band , recorded early in their career for their original record label A & M Records . The EP was released by the company in 1984 after Captain Beefheart had gone into retirement .
The club , founded in 1928 , initially played in the Irish League , the domestic league in Northern Ireland , and won a title in 1964–65 . In 1971 , security concerns related to the Troubles meant matches could not be played at the Brandywell . The team played home fixtures 30 mi away in Coleraine . The security forces withdrew their objections to the use of the Brandywell the following year , but in the face of insistence from the Irish League that the unsustainable arrangement continue , the club withdrew from the league . After 13 years in junior football , it joined the League of Ireland 's new First Division for 1985–86 . Derry won the First Division title and achieved promotion to the Premier Division in 1987 , and remained there until the 2009 relegation . The club won a domestic treble in 1988–89 , the only League of Ireland club so far . Robert James "Bob" Johnson ( 27 March 1905 – 1987 ) was an English footballer who scored 15 goals from 39 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre forward or outside right for Southport and Darlington . He also played in Ireland for Derry City , was on the books of Barnsley , without playing for them in the League , and played non-league football for clubs including Ushaw Moor , Moor Ends Thorne , Firbeck Colliery , Spennymoor United , Thorne Colliery , Eden Colliery and Walker Celtic .
Great Old Amusement Parks is a 1999 PBS television documentary VHS by Rick Sebak of WQED Pittsburgh . The Seine Meets Paris ( French : La Seine a rencontré Paris ) is a 1957 French short documentary film directed by Joris Ivens from a screenplay by Jacques Prévert . Told from the perspective of a boat trip through the city , it features scenes of daily life along the river . The film won the short film Palme d'Or at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival .
Arne Christer Fuglesang ( ] ) ( born March 18 , 1957 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish physicist and an ESA astronaut . He was first launched aboard the STS-116 Space Shuttle mission on December 10 , 2006 , at 01:47 GMT , making him the first Swedish citizen in space . Sigmund Werner Paul Jähn ( born 13 February 1937 ) is a German cosmonaut and pilot , who in 1978 became the first East German ( and German native ) to fly in space as part of the Soviet Union 's Interkosmos programme .
Swervedriver are an English alternative rock band formed in Oxford in 1989 around core members Adam Franklin and Jimmy Hartridge . Between 1989 and 1998 , the band released four studio albums and numerous EPs and singles despite a considerable flux of members , managers , and record labels . By 1993 the band ’ s lineup had settled with Franklin on vocals/guitar , Hartridge on guitar , Jez Hindmarsh on drums , and Steve George on bass . They had emerged with a heavier rock sound than their shoegaze contemporaries , and over the next five years it evolved to include elements of psychedelia , classic pop , and indie rock . In 2008 , the band reunited for touring purposes . They released their first new single in fifteen years in September 2013 , and their first full-length album in seventeen years in March 2015 . Cha Cha Cohen were a band formed in 1994 by three members of The Wedding Present — Keith Gregory , Paul Dorrington and Simon Smith . After recruiting singer Jacqui Cohen ( AKA Jaqi Dulany ) from The Dustdevils they released a single , "Sparky 's Note" , on Hemiola Records .
Joel Greenblatt ( born December 13 , 1957 ) is an American academic , hedge fund manager , investor , and writer . He is a value investor , and adjunct professor at the Columbia University Graduate School of Business . He is the former chairman of the board of Alliant Techsystems and founder of the New York Securities Auction Corporation . He is also a director at Pzena Investment Management , a high-end value firm . Magic formula investing is a term referring to an investment technique outlined by Joel Greenblatt that uses the principles of value investing .
Liriodendron is a genus of two species of characteristically large deciduous trees in the magnolia family ( Magnoliaceae ) . Laurus is a genus of evergreen trees belonging to the Laurel family , Lauraceae . The genus includes three or more species .
Kenneth William "Ken" Kwapis ( born August 17 , 1957 ) is an American film and television director and screenwriter . He specialized in the single-camera sitcom in the 1990s and 2000s and has directed feature films such as "Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird" ( 1985 ) , "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" ( 2005 ) , and "He 's Just Not That into You" ( 2009 ) . Jon Paul Puno ( born 1985 ) is an American filmmaker and classical crossover singer . As a filmmaker , he has directed films such as Valle de Lágrimas ( 2006 ) and Peace Grows ( 2004 ) . And also played a small role in the 2006 movie I Will Always Love You ( film ) .
The New York , Westchester and Boston Railway Company ( NYW & B , also known to its riders as "the Westchester" and colloquially as the "Boston-Westchester" ) , was an electric commuter railroad in the Bronx and Westchester County , New York from 1912 to 1937 . It ran from the southernmost part of the South Bronx , near the Harlem River , to Mount Vernon with branches north to White Plains and east to Port Chester . From 1906 , construction and operation was under the control of the New York , New Haven & Hartford Railroad ( NH ) until its bankruptcy in 1935 . Mount Vernon is a city in Westchester County , New York , United States . It is an inner suburb of New York City , immediately to the north of the borough of the Bronx . As of the 2010 census , Mount Vernon had a population of 67,292 .
Ceratophyllum is a cosmopolitan genus of flowering plants including four accepted species in 2016 , commonly found in ponds , marshes , and quiet streams in tropical and in temperate regions . It is the only genus in the family Ceratophyllaceae , itself the only family in the order Ceratophyllales . They are usually called coontails or hornworts , although hornwort is also used for unrelated plants of the division Anthocerotophyta . Babiana Ker Gawler is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae composed of about 80 recognized species . The majority of these species are endemic to the Cape Provinces of South Africa , especially Namaqualand , as well Namibia , Botswana , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
Henry Fielding ( 22 April 1707 – 8 October 1754 ) was an English novelist and dramatist known for his rich , earthy humour and satirical prowess , and as the author of the picaresque novel "Tom Jones" . Additionally , he holds a significant place in the history of law enforcement , having used his authority as a magistrate to found ( with his half-brother John ) what some have called London 's first police force , the Bow Street Runners . His younger sister , Sarah , also became a successful writer . Love in Several Masques is a play by Henry Fielding that was first performed on 16 February 1728 at the Theatre Royal , Drury Lane . The moderately received play comically depicts three lovers trying to pursue their individual beloveds . The beloveds require their lovers to meet their various demands , which serves as a means for Fielding to introduce his personal feelings on morality and virtue . In addition , Fielding introduces criticism of women and society in general .
The 2011 FA Community Shield was the 89th FA Community Shield , an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season 's Premier League and FA Cup competitions . The match was the 160th Manchester derby between Manchester United and Manchester City and played at Wembley Stadium , London , on 7 August 2011 . Manchester United won the game 3–2 , with goals from Chris Smalling and Nani ( 2 ) , after Joleon Lescott and Edin Džeko had put City 2–0 up at half-time . Christopher Lloyd Smalling ( born 22 November 1989 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team .
Leo Eric Varadkar ( ; Irish : "Leo de Varad" ; born 18 January 1979 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Taoiseach , Minister for Defence and Leader of Fine Gael since June 2017 . He has been a Teachta Dála ( TD ) since 2007 , currently for the Dublin West constituency . He previously served as Minister for Social Protection from 2016 to 2017 , Minister for Health from 2014 to 2016 and Minister for Transport , Tourism and Sport from 2011 to 2014 . The Leader of Fine Gael is the most senior politician within the Fine Gael political party in Ireland . Since 2 June 2017 , the office had been held by Leo Varadkar following the resignation of Enda Kenny .
Point coloration refers to animal coat coloration with a pale body and relatively darker extremities , i.e . the face , ears , feet , tail , and ( in males ) scrotum . It is most recognized as the coloration of Siamese and related breeds of cat , but can be found in rabbits , rats , sheep , and horses as well . Colorpoint Shorthairs are a variety of domestic cat . Depending on the cat registry , they may be considered a separate breed of cat , or more often a variant of a pre-existing one , if accepted at all . These cats are distinguished by their conformance to wide range of sixteen different point colors , beyond the four standard Siamese colors . The variety was initially created by crossbreeding Siamese with the American Shorthair – the same mixture that created the Oriental Shorthair , but with different goals . The Colorpoint Shorthair shares the point-coloration pattern with the Siamese , but in the nontraditional colors of red , cream , tortoiseshell , and lynx ( tabby ) points , and minor variations thereof . In body style , head shape , and other features , it may be intermediate between the two foundation breeds , which show cats leaning toward Siamese traits . Those who favour the Traditional Siamese look may also favour the more moderate-typed Colourpoint Shorthairs that take after their American Shorthair ancestors in shape .
Saddle Rock Elementary School or simply "Saddle Rock" is an elementary school , comprising grades Kindergarten through 5 . It is a public school located in Great Neck , New York , USA as part of the Great Neck School District . The school has been recognized by the Blue Ribbon Schools Program . The Great Neck School District is a comprehensive community public school district primarily serving students in Great Neck , New York . It also serves students in some parts of Manhasset and New Hyde Park . It is Union Free School District Number 7 in the Town of North Hempstead , Nassau County , New York , United States , on Long Island .
Beena Sarwar is a journalist , artist and filmmaker from Pakistan focusing on human rights , gender , media and peace . She is currently the Pakistan Editor of the Aman ki Asha ( Hope for Peace ) initiative , that aims to develop peace between the countries of India and Pakistan . The initiative is jointly sponsored by the Jang group in Pakistan and the Times of India across the border . The Daily Jang ( Urdu : ‎ ) is an Urdu newspaper based in Karachi , Pakistan . It is the oldest newspaper of Pakistan in continuous publication since its foundation in 1939 . Its current Group Chief Executive & Editor-in-Chief is Mir Shakil-ur-Rahman .
The cinema of Russia began in the Russian Empire , widely developed in the Soviet Union and in the years following its dissolution , the Russian film industry would remain internationally recognized . In the 21st century , Russian cinema has become popular internationally with hits such as "House of Fools" , "Night Watch" , and the popular "Brother" . The Moscow International Film Festival began in Moscow in 1935 . The Nika Award is the main annual national film award in Russia . 4 is a 2004 Russian drama film directed by Ilya Khrzhanovsky after a screenplay by Vladimir Sorokin . Originally it was conceived as a short film , but turned into a full-length film after four years of work .
Heavenly Creatures is a 1994 New Zealand psychological drama directed by Peter Jackson , from a screenplay he co-wrote with his partner , Fran Walsh , about the notorious 1954 Parker–Hulme murder case in Christchurch , New Zealand . The film features Melanie Lynskey and Kate Winslet in their screen debuts with supporting roles by Sarah Peirse , Diana Kent , Clive Merrison , and Simon O'Connor . The main premise deals with the relationship between two teenage girls , Pauline Parker and Juliet Hulme , who murder Parker 's mother . The events of the film cover the period from their meeting in 1952 to the murder in 1954 . Anne Perry ( born 28 October 1938 as Juliet Marion Hulme ) is an English author of historical detective fiction , best known for her Thomas Pitt and William Monk series . At the age of fifteen she was convicted of participating in the murder of her friend 's mother , in 1954 . She changed her name after serving her five-year sentence .
VEU ( Video Entertainment Unlimited ) was an American subscription television channel owned by Golden West Broadcasting . The channel was similar to ONTV , another scrambled UHF service , and was carried by many stations including KAUT-TV in Oklahoma City , WVEU in Atlanta and KNBN in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex . The service began in 1980 and featured movies , sports and special events . The channel was discontinued in 1984 . ONTV ( later known as ON Subscription Television from 1983 until its shutdown in 1985 ) is a defunct American subscription television service that was owned by National Subscription Television , a joint venture between Oak Industries ( a manufacturer of satellite and pay television decoders and equipment ) , Chartwell Enterprises ( owned by Norman Lear ) and media executive A. Jerrold Perenchio . Operating in such major markets as Los Angeles , Chicago and Detroit , ONTV aired a broad mix of feature films from mainstream Hollywood blockbusters to pornographic films as well as sports events and specials .
Flashback , released as Flashback : The Quest for Identity in the United States , is a 1992 science fiction cinematic platform game developed by Delphine Software of France and published by U.S. Gold in United States and Europe , and Sunsoft in Japan . Fade to Black is an action-adventure game developed by Delphine Software International and published by Electronic Arts . It is the sequel to the 1992 video game "Flashback" . The game was released for MS-DOS and PlayStation . Planned Nintendo 64 and Sega Saturn versions were cancelled .
The following is the filmography for American actor James Garner . Garner was known for prominent roles in films such as "Sayonara" ( 1957 ) with Marlon Brando , "Cash McCall" ( 1960 ) with Natalie Wood , "The Great Escape" ( 1963 ) with Steve McQueen , "The Thrill of It All" ( 1963 ) with Doris Day , "Move Over , Darling" ( 1963 ) with Doris Day , "The Wheeler Dealers" ( 1963 ) with Lee Remick , Paddy Chayevsky 's "The Americanization of Emily" ( 1964 ) with Julie Andrews , "Hour of the Gun" ( 1967 ) , "Marlowe" ( 1969 ) with Bruce Lee , "Support Your Local Sheriff ! "( 1969 ) with Walter Brennan , "Murphy 's Romance" ( 1985 ) with Sally Field , "Sunset" ( 1988 ) with Bruce Willis , "Maverick" ( 1994 ) with Mel Gibson and Jodie Foster , "Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood" ( 2002 ) , and "The Notebook" ( 2004 ) with Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams . His television series credits include portraying Bret Maverick in "Maverick" ( 1957–1962 ) and "Bret Maverick" ( 1981–1982 ) , Jim Rockford in "The Rockford Files" ( 1974–1980 ) , and Jim Egan in "8 Simple Rules" ( 2003–2005 ) . The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes and based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks . The film stars Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as a young couple who fall in love in the 1940s . Their story is narrated from the present day by an elderly man ( portrayed by James Garner ) telling the tale to a fellow nursing home resident ( played by Gena Rowlands , who is Cassavetes 's mother ) .
North American Aviation ( NAA ) was a major American aerospace manufacturer , responsible for a number of historic aircraft , including the T-6 Texan trainer , the P-51 Mustang fighter , the B-25 Mitchell bomber , the F-86 Sabre jet fighter , the X-15 rocket plane , and the XB-70 , as well as Apollo Command and Service Module , the second stage of the Saturn V rocket , the Space Shuttle orbiter and the B-1 Lancer . Through a series of mergers and sales , North American Aviation became part of North American Rockwell , which later became Rockwell International and is now part of Boeing . The North American Aviation T-6 Texan is an American single-engined advanced trainer aircraft used to train pilots of the United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) , United States Navy , Royal Air Force , and other air forces of the British Commonwealth during World War II and into the 1970s . Designed by North American Aviation , the T-6 is known by a variety of designations depending on the model and operating air force . The United States Army Air Corps ( USAAC ) and USAAF designated it as the AT-6 , the United States Navy the SNJ , and British Commonwealth air forces the Harvard , the name by which it is best known outside of the US . Starting in 1948 , the new United States Air Force ( USAF ) designated it the T-6 , with the USN following in 1962 . It remains a popular warbird aircraft used for airshow demonstrations and static displays . It has also been used many times to simulate various Japanese aircraft , including the Mitsubishi A6M Zero in movies depicting World War II in the Pacific .
Chun Woo-hee ( born April 20 , 1987 ) is a South Korean actress . She made her acting debut in 2004 , but first drew attention with her supporting role as a rebellious teenager in the 2011 box-office hit "Sunny" . In 2014 , Chun received domestic and international critical acclaim for her first leading role as the title character in "Han Gong-ju" , a coming-of-age indie about a traumatized young woman trying to move on with her life after a tragedy . Her other notable films include "The Beauty Inside" ( 2015 ) , "Love , Lies" ( 2016 ) and "The Wailing" ( 2016 ) . The Wailing ( ) is a 2016 South Korean horror film directed by Na Hong-jin about a policeman who investigates a series of mysterious killings and illnesses . It was a commercial success .
Igor Naming Agency is an American naming agency . Based in Sausalito , California , Igor is known for its "almost militant embrace" of using real and natural-sounding words in naming . Among others , the company has named Gogo Inflight , "Cutthroat Kitchen" , TruTV , the Aria Resort , and consumer products for The North Face and Target , among others . Aria Resort and Casino is a luxury resort and casino , part of the CityCenter complex on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . Aria consists of two curved glass and steel highrise towers adjoined at the center . It opened on December 16 , 2009 as a joint venture between MGM Resorts International and Infinity World Development . At 4000000 sqft and 600 ft in height , it is the largest and tallest structure at CityCenter .
Heathrow Airport ( also known as London Heathrow ) ( IATA : LHR , ICAO : EGLL ) is a major international airport in London , United Kingdom . Heathrow is the second busiest airport in the world by international passenger traffic ( surpassed by Dubai International in 2014 ) , as well as the busiest airport in Europe by passenger traffic , and the seventh busiest airport in the world by total passenger traffic . In 2016 , it handled a record 75.7 million passengers , a 1.0 % increase from 2015 . Gatwick Airport ( also known as London Gatwick ) ( IATA : LGW , ICAO : EGKK ) is a major international airport in south-east England , 29.5 mi south of Central London and 2.7 NM north of Crawley . It is the second-busiest airport by total passenger traffic in the United Kingdom , after London Heathrow . Gatwick is the eighth-busiest airport in Europe . Until 2016 , it was the busiest single-use runway airport in the world before being overtaken by Mumbai 's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport .
Magic Kingdom is a theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake , Florida , near Orlando . Owned and operated by The Walt Disney Company through its Parks and Resorts division , the park opened on October 1 , 1971 , as the first of four theme parks at the resort . Initialized by Walt Disney and designed by WED Enterprises , its layout and attractions are based on Disneyland Park in Anaheim , California , and is dedicated to fairy tales and Disney characters . Johnny Tremain is a 1957 film made by Walt Disney Productions , based on the 1944 Newbery Medal-winning children 's novel of the same name by Esther Forbes , retelling the story of the years in Boston , Massachusetts prior to the outbreak of the American Revolution . The movie was directed by Robert Stevenson . It was made for television , but first released to theatres . Walt Disney understood the new technology of color television and filmed his Walt Disney anthology television series in color . But the show , known as "Disneyland" at that time , was broadcast in black and white . After its theater run in 1957 , the film was shown in its entirety on television in two episodes ( in color , then known as "The Wonderful World of Disney" ) , rather than as a complete film on a single evening , on November 21 and 28 , 1958 .
Pinanga is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family , native to New Guinea and to eastern and southern Asia ( India , China , Indonesia , Philippines , Indonesia , etc. ) . Alopecurus , or foxtail grass , is a common and widespread genus of plants in the grass family . It is common across temperate and subtropical parts of Eurasia , northern Africa , and the Americas , as well as naturalized in Australia and on various islands .
Hershel Greene is a fictional character in "The Walking Dead" whose role is depicted in the comic book , television series as portrayed by Scott Wilson and the game series . He is the widowed owner of a farm in Georgia and has previous experience in the veterinary fields . A devout Christian , with uncompromising morals and a stubborn attitude , Hershel remains fiercely protective of his large family , despite his many losses . In both the comics and television series , he is initially introduced saving the life of Carl Grimes , the son of Rick Grimes after he is shot by one of Hershel 's neighbors , Otis , and becomes the moral center of the group . Carl Grimes is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Chandler Riggs in the American television series of the same name , which airs on AMC in the United States . The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore , and debuted in "The Walking Dead" # 2 in 2003 . In both forms of media , Carl is the son of primary protagonist Rick Grimes , and his wife Lori Grimes , and is one of the longest-surviving characters and one of the few original Atlanta survivors still alive .
Alhambra ( German : Der Palast von Alhambra , literally "The Palace of the Alhambra" ) is a 2003 tile-based German-style board game designed by Dirk Henn . It was originally published in Germany by Queen Games in a language-interdependent version ; an English-specific version was released in North America by the now-defunct Überplay . The game is an Arabian-themed update , set during the construction of the Alhambra palace in 14th century Granada , of the 1998 stock trading board game "Stimmt So !" , which in turn was an update of the 1992 mafia influence board game "Al Capone" ; the original version was subsequently released as "" . Tsuro is a tile-based board game designed by Tom McMurchie , originally published by WizKids and now published by Calliope Games .
Aron J. Warner is an American actor and producer . He won an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature as a producer of the animated blockbuster "Shrek" , in which he also voices the Big Bad Wolf . Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy film loosely based on William Steig 's 1990 fairy tale picture book of the same name and directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson in their directorial debut . It stars the voices of Mike Myers , Eddie Murphy , Cameron Diaz , and John Lithgow , and somewhat serves as a parody of other films adapted from numerous fairy tales , mainly animated Disney films .
Mickey 's Twice Upon a Christmas is a 2004 computer-animated direct-to-video fantasy comedy anthology film produced by Disney Toon Studios and the sequel to 1999 's "Mickey 's Once Upon a Christmas" . The segments in this video feature Mickey Mouse , Minnie Mouse , Pluto , Goofy , Max , Donald Duck , Daisy Duck , Huey , Dewey and Louie , and Scrooge McDuck in five different segments . Along with the Mickey 's PhilharMagic theme park attraction , this production was one of the first to depict the Mickey Mouse series characters with 3D computer animation . It is the final direct-to-video film to feature both Wayne Allwine and Alan Young , who both died in different years . Mickey 's PhilharMagic is a 4-D film attraction found at the Magic Kingdom theme park in the Walt Disney World Resort , Hong Kong Disneyland , and at Tokyo Disneyland . The film was directed by George Scribner , who is best known for directing Disney 's 1988 animated film , "Oliver & Company" . "Mickey 's PhilharMagic" is a 12-minute-long show featuring 3D effects , scents , and water , as well as a number of characters from Disney movies . It is shown on the largest purpose-built 3D screen ever made , at 150 feet wide .
OSRIC , short for Old School Reference and Index Compilation , is a fantasy role-playing game system . "OSRIC" is a recreation of the first edition of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" , and one of the most successful retro-clones . "OSRIC" describes itself as "a compilation of rules for old school-style fantasy gaming ... intended to reproduce underlying rules used in the late 1970s to early 1980s" . OSRIC uses the Open Gaming License and the System Reference Document of "Dungeons & Dragons" 3rd edition to create a new artistic presentation of the underlying rules set . "Dungeons & Dragons" retro-clones are fantasy role-playing games that seek to emulate editions of "Dungeons & Dragons" ( "D & D" ) no longer supported by Wizards of the Coast . They are mostly made possible by the terms of the Open Game License and System Reference Document , which allows the use of much of the proprietary terminology of "D & D" that might otherwise collectively constitute a copyright infringement . While these rules lack the name "D & D" or any of the associated trademarks , their intent is to have a playable experience similar to those older editions .
Tony Clifton is a character created by late performance artist Andy Kaufman , who also portrayed him in the late 1970s . Characteristic of the many elaborate hoaxes and practical jokes Kaufman concocted , Clifton was not exclusively portrayed by Kaufman . Others , mainly longtime Kaufman friend Bob Zmuda , also performed the role . Andrew G. Kaufman ( January 17 , 1949 – May 16 , 1984 ) was an American comedian , actor , writer , performance artist and professional wrestler . While often referred to as a comedian , Kaufman described himself instead as a "song and dance man ." He disdained telling jokes and engaging in comedy as it was traditionally understood , once saying in a rare introspective interview , "I am not a comic , I have never told a joke . ... The comedian 's promise is that he will go out there and make you laugh with him . ... My only promise is that I will try to entertain you as best I can ."
10 Years is an American alternative metal band , formed in Knoxville , Tennessee in 1999 . The band consists of Jesse Hasek ( lead vocals ) , Brian Vodinh ( drums , guitar , backing vocals ) , Chad Huff ( bass guitar ) and Matt Wantland ( guitar ) . To date , they have released seven albums , the latest of which , "From Birth to Burial" , was released in April 2015 . Their eighth studio album , "( How to Live ) As Ghosts" , is scheduled for release on October 27 , 2017 . Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros is an American folk rock band formed in Los Angeles , California in 2007 . The group is led by lead singer Alex Ebert . The band 's name is based on a story Ebert wrote in his youth , about a messianic figure named Edward Sharpe . Drawing from roots rock , folk , gospel , and psychedelic music , the band 's image and sound evoke the hippie movement of the 1960s and 1970s . The group 's first show was played July 18 , 2007 at The Troubadour in West Hollywood , California . Their first studio album , "Up from Below" , was released on July 7 , 2009 on Community Records and featured the popular single "Home" . The group released their second full-length album , "Here" , on May 29 , 2012 , and third album , "Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros" , on July 23 , 2013 . Their fourth studio album , "PersonA" , was released in April 2016 .
The Model 1840 flintlock musket was produced at Springfield Armory . The .69 caliber musket had a 42" barrel , an overall length of 58" , and a weight of 9.8 lbs . More than 30,000 were produced by the Springfield Armory and two independent contractors between 1840 and 1846 . The Springfield Armory , located in the city of Springfield , Massachusetts , was the primary center for the manufacture of U.S. military firearms from 1777 until its closing in 1968 . The site is preserved as the Springfield Armory National Historic Site , Western Massachusetts ' only unit of the national park system . It features the world 's largest collection of historic American firearms .
AC/DC are an Australian hard rock band , formed in Sydney in 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young . A hard rock/blues rock band , they have also been considered a heavy metal band , although they have always dubbed their music simply "rock and roll" . Tales of Old Grand Daddy is the only album released by the Marcus Hook Roll Band , in Australia in 1973 . The album is noted for being the recording debut of future AC/DC founders Angus Young and Malcolm Young .
Otto Ludwig Preminger ( , ] ; 5 December 1905 – 23 April 1986 ) was an American theatre and film director , originally from Austria-Hungary . Edward Dmytryk ( September 4 , 1908 – July 1 , 1999 ) was a Canadian-born American film director . He was known for his 1940s "films noir" and received an Oscar nomination for Best Director for "Crossfire" ( 1947 ) .
Auburn University ( AU or Auburn ) is a public research university in Auburn , Alabama , United States . With more than 22,000 undergraduate students and a total enrollment of more than 28,000 with 1,260 faculty members , Auburn is the second largest university in Alabama . Auburn University is one of the state 's two public flagship universities . The 1892 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1892 college football season . It was the first college football team fielded by the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Alabama , now known as Auburn University . The squad was first coached by George Petrie . Auburn shut out Georgia Tech , 26–0 , just two days after being shut out themselves by North Carolina , 64–0 . The team finished the season with a record of 2–2 .
Donald Richard "Don" DeLillo ( born November 20 , 1936 ) is an American novelist , playwright and essayist . His works have covered subjects as diverse as television , nuclear war , sports , the complexities of language , performance art , the Cold War , mathematics , the advent of the digital age , politics , economics , and global terrorism . Charles Scribner 's Sons , or simply Scribner 's or Scribner , is an American publisher based in New York City , known for publishing American authors including Ernest Hemingway , F. Scott Fitzgerald , Kurt Vonnegut , Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings , Stephen King , Robert A. Heinlein , Thomas Wolfe , George Santayana , John Clellon Holmes , Don DeLillo and Edith Wharton .
The Battle of Antietam , also known as the Battle of Sharpsburg , particularly in the South , was fought on September 17 , 1862 , near Sharpsburg , Maryland and Antietam Creek as part of the Maryland Campaign . It was the first field army–level engagement in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War to take place on Union soil and is the bloodiest single-day battle in American history , with a combined tally of 22,717 dead , wounded , or missing . The Second Battle of Guam ( 21 July – 10 August 1944 ) was the American recapture of the Japanese-held island of Guam , a U.S. territory in the Mariana Islands captured by the Japanese from the U.S. in the 1941 First Battle of Guam during the Pacific campaign of World War II .
Brent Roger Wilkes ( born May 21 , 1954 ) , an American entrepreneur , defense contractor , civic leader and philanthropist . Wilkes became well known for his involvement with the Duke Cunningham defense contracting scandal and was indicted for his involvement in this scandal on February 13 , 2007 . He was indicted on new charges which superseded the previous ones on May 10 , 2007 . Wilkes was convicted on all 13 counts on November 5 , 2007 . On March 27 , 2008 the Court of Appeals ordered him released on bail pending appeal , finding in part "that the appeal raises a 'substantial question ' of law or fact likely to result in reversal , a new trial or a sentence not including a term of prison" . On January 6 , 2009 , after serving eleven months in federal custody , the last six months at Federal Correctional Institution , Terminal Island , Wilkes was released , pending appeal . Randall Harold Cunningham ( born December 8 , 1941 ) , usually known as Randy or Duke , is a United States Navy 20-year career pilot and officer , retiring as a commander ; and a Republican politician . He served as member of the United States House of Representatives from California 's 50th Congressional District from 1991 to 2005 . He resigned in 2005 , after having pleaded guilty to bribery , fraud , and tax evasion .
The Blue Ridge Music Center is a music venue , museum , and visitor center located at milepost 213 on the Blue Ridge Parkway near Galax , Virginia . The center celebrates the music and musicians of the Blue Ridge Mountains through concerts , exhibits , and programs that highlight living musical heritage of the Blue Ridge region and interpret its significance within the larger landscape of American music and culture . The site is operated through a partnership between the National Park Service and Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation . The Music Center operates May through October . Free Midday Mountain Music acoustic sessions featuring local musicians are offered from noon to 4 p.m. daily . Concerts are offered most Saturdays during the season and include old-time , bluegrass , folk , Americana , gospel , and country blues performances . The Roots of American Music Museum on site showcases the region 's rich musical heritage . Admission to the museum is free . The Blue Ridge Parkway is a National Parkway and All-American Road in the United States , noted for its scenic beauty . The parkway , which is America 's longest linear park , runs for 469 mi through 29 Virginia and North Carolina counties , linking Shenandoah National Park to Great Smoky Mountains National Park . It runs mostly along the spine of the Blue Ridge , a major mountain chain that is part of the Appalachian Mountains . Its southern terminus is at U.S. 441 on the boundary between Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Cherokee Indian Reservation in North Carolina , from which it travels north to Shenandoah National Park in Virginia . The roadway continues through Shenandoah as Skyline Drive , a similar scenic road which is managed by a different National Park Service unit .
Batman is a 1989 American superhero film directed by Tim Burton and produced by Jon Peters and Peter Guber , based on the DC Comics character of the same name . It is the first installment of Warner Bros. ' initial "Batman" film series . The film stars Michael Keaton as Bruce Wayne/Batman and Jack Nicholson as The Joker , alongside Kim Basinger , Robert Wuhl , Pat Hingle , Billy Dee Williams , Michael Gough and Jack Palance . The film takes place early in the title character 's war on crime , and depicts a battle with his arch-nemesis the Joker . Howard Peter Guber ( born March 1 , 1942 ) is an executive , entrepreneur , educator , and author . He is Chairman and CEO of Mandalay Entertainment . Guber 's most recent films from Mandalay Entertainment include "The Kids Are All Right" , "Soul Surfer" , and "Bernie" . He has also produced "Batman" , "The Witches of Eastwick" , and "Flashdance ." Guber 's films have earned over $ 3 billion worldwide and 50 Academy Award nominations .
The iPhone 5 is a smartphone designed and marketed by Apple Inc . It is the sixth generation of the iPhone , succeeding the iPhone 4S and preceding the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C . Formally unveiled as part of a press event on September 12 , 2012 , it was released on September 21 , 2012 . It was the first iPhone to be completely developed under the guidance of Tim Cook and the last iPhone to be overseen by Steve Jobs . Timothy Donald Cook ( born November 1 , 1960 ) is an American business executive , industrial engineer , and developer . Cook is the Chief Executive Officer of Apple Inc. , previously serving as the company 's Chief Operating Officer , under its founder Steve Jobs .
Harrison Newey ( born 25 July 1998 ) is a British racing driver and the son of Marigold Newey and famed Formula One engineer Adrian Newey . He made his ADAC Formula 4 debut in 2015 , partnering Mick Schumacher , son of world champion driver Michael Schumacher , at Van Amersfoort Racing . He is also competing in BRDC Formula 4 alongside his ADAC F4 campaign , partnering Will Palmer and Sisa Ngebulana at HHC Motorsport . Mick Schumacher ( ] ; born 22 March 1999 ) is a German racing driver . He began his career in karting in 2008 , progressing to the German ADAC Formula 4 by 2015 . He is the son of Corinna and seven-time Formula One World Champion Michael Schumacher , nephew of former Formula One driver Ralf Schumacher , and stepnephew of Sebastian Stahl .
The 2016 Touring Car Masters was an Australian motor racing series for touring cars manufactured between 1 January 1963 and 31 December 1978 . It is the tenth running of the Touring Car Masters . John Bowe is the defending series winner . On the September 15 , 2016 , it was announced that the Touring Cars Masters would combined with the New Zealand Central Muscle Car series for the Bathurst round . The Trans-Tasman Challenge featured over 50 cars from both championships with Glenn Seton winning the round in his Ford Mustang . Dean Perkins was the best placed New Zealander with his Ford Falcon . The Ford Mustang is an American car manufactured by Ford . It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon , a compact car . The original 1962 Ford Mustang I two-seater concept car had evolved into the 1963 Mustang II four-seater concept car which Ford used to pretest how the public would take interest in the first production Mustang . The 1963 Mustang II concept car was designed with a variation of the production model 's front and rear ends with a roof that was 2.7 inches shorter . Introduced early on April 17 , 1964 ( 16 days after the Plymouth Barracuda ) , and thus dubbed as a "1964½" by Mustang fans , the 1965 Mustang was the automaker 's most successful launch since the Model A . The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation .
Arundel Castle is a restored and remodelled medieval castle in Arundel , West Sussex , England . It was established by Roger de Montgomery on Christmas Day 1067 . Roger became the first to hold the earldom of Arundel by the graces of William the Conqueror . The castle was damaged in the English Civil War and then restored in the 18th and 19th centuries . The English Civil War ( 1642–1651 ) was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians ( "Roundheads" ) and Royalists ( "Cavaliers" ) over , principally , the manner of England 's government . The first ( 1642–1646 ) and second ( 1648–1649 ) wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third ( 1649–1651 ) saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament . The war ended with the Parliamentarian victory at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651 .
Charlie Wilson 's War is a 2007 American comedy-drama film , based on the story of U.S . Congressman Charlie Wilson and CIA operative Gust Avrakotos , whose efforts led to Operation Cyclone , a program to organize and support the Afghan mujahideen during the Soviet–Afghan War . Operation Cyclone was the code name for the United States Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) program to arm and finance the Jihadi warriors , "mujahideen" , in Afghanistan from 1979 to 1989 , prior to and during the military intervention by the USSR in support of its client , the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan . The program leaned heavily towards supporting militant Islamic groups that were favored by the regime of Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in neighboring Pakistan , rather than other , less ideological Afghan resistance groups that had also been fighting the Marxist-oriented Democratic Republic of Afghanistan regime since before the Soviet intervention . Operation Cyclone was one of the longest and most expensive covert CIA operations ever undertaken ; funding began with $ 20– $ 30 million per year in 1980 and rose to $ 630 million per year in 1987 . Funding continued after 1989 as the mujahideen battled the forces of Mohammad Najibullah 's PDPA during the civil war in Afghanistan ( 1989–1992 ) .
KULR-TV , virtual channel 8 , is an NBC affiliate broadcasting on channel 11 in Billings , Montana . KULR is owned by Cowles Company . KULR maintains studios located on Overland Avenue in the Homestead Business Park section of Billings , and its transmitter is located on Coburn Hill southeast of downtown Billings . SWX Right Now ( Sports and Weather Right Now ) is a digital subchannel broadcasting high school and college sports , and automated weather information of interest to viewers throughout Eastern Washington state . The channel is operated by Cowles Company and airs over Cowles ' three NBC affiliated channels in Eastern Washington , including Spokane 's KHQ , KNDO in Yakima and Richland 's KNDU , as well as Billings ' KULR in Montana , and on most cable systems throughout the markets they serve .
Macaulay Carson Culkin ( born August 26 , 1980 ) is an American actor . He became famous as a child actor for his role as Kevin McCallister in the family comedy "Home Alone" ( 1990 ) and its sequel "" ( 1992 ) . He is also known for his roles in "Uncle Buck" ( 1989 ) , "My Girl" ( 1991 ) , "The Good Son" ( 1993 ) , "The Pagemaster" ( 1994 ) , "Richie Rich" ( 1994 ) , "Party Monster" ( 2003 ) , and the music video for Michael Jackson 's "Black or White" . At the height of his fame , he was regarded as the most successful child actor since Shirley Temple . Culkin ranked at number two on VH1 's list of the "100 Greatest Kid-Stars" and E ! 's list of the "50 Greatest Child Stars" . Shirley Temple Black ( April 23 , 1928 – February 10 , 2014 ) was an American actress , singer , dancer , businesswoman , and diplomat who was Hollywood 's number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938 . As an adult , she was named United States ambassador to Ghana and to Czechoslovakia and also served as Chief of Protocol of the United States .
Solomon Elimimian ( born October 21 , 1986 ) is a Canadian football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He was named the CFL 's Most Outstanding Rookie in 2010 . In 2014 , he won the CFL 's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award and Most Outstanding Player Award . Elimimian is the first purely defensive player to win the league 's Most Outstanding Player Award as well as the first player to win three different CFL awards in his career . He played college football for the Hawaii Warriors and attended Crenshaw High School in South Los Angeles , California . The Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team represents the University of Hawaii at Manoa in NCAA Division I FBS college football . On November 27 , 2015 , Nick Rolovich was hired as the new head football coach at the University of Hawaii replacing Norm Chow . It was part of the Western Athletic Conference until July 2012 , when the team joined the Mountain West Conference .
Lake Grove is a village in Suffolk County , New York , United States . The population was 11,163 at the 2010 census . The village is located in the town of Brookhaven . The village is officially known as the Incorporated Village of Lake Grove . Smith Haven Mall is a shopping mall located in Lake Grove , New York and is the main mall for the "Mid Island" area of Long Island . It is also the eastern most enclosed mall on Long Island , and thus draws shoppers from the ( 5 ) towns that make up
Agrostemma is a genus of annual plants in the Caryophyllaceae family , containing the species known as corncockles . Its best-known member is "A. githago" , the common corncockle , which is a native of Europe where it is simply called "the corncockle" . The species is a weed of cereals and other crops , probably with a centre of origin in the eastern Mediterranean . Nowadays declining in its native range because of improved seed cleaning , it is found as a weed worldwide. "Agrostemma gracile" , the slender corncockle , is only found in central Greece near the city of Farsala . Corncockle is an attractive plant , and its seeds are still commercially available to gardeners . Hymenosporum flavum , or native frangipani , is a rainforest tree which is native to Queensland and New South Wales in Australia and New Guinea . It is the sole species within the genus Hymenosporum , and is closely related to the widespread genus Pittosporum .
Kenneth Eliot Flach ( born May 24 , 1963 ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States . A doubles specialist , he won 4 Grand Slam men 's doubles titles ( 2 Wimbledon and 2 US Open ) , and 2 Grand Slam mixed doubles titles ( 1 Wimbledon and 1 French Open ) . He also won the men 's doubles Gold Medal at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul , partnering Robert Seguso . Flach reached the World No . 1 doubles ranking in 1985 . Lucie Šafářová ( ] ; born 4 February 1987 ) is a Czech professional tennis player from Brno . She is currently the WTA world No . 1 doubles player . Šafářová has won seven WTA tour singles titles , fifteen doubles titles and reached the quarterfinals of the 2007 Australian Open by upsetting defending champion Amélie Mauresmo in the fourth round . She reached her first Grand Slam semifinal at the 2014 Wimbledon Championships and her first Grand Slam final at the 2015 French Open . She also won the 2015 Australian Open , 2015 French Open , 2016 US Open , 2017 Australian Open and 2017 French Open women 's doubles titles partnering with Bethanie Mattek-Sands .
Headless Body in Topless Bar is a 1995 American black comedy and psychological horror film directed by James Bruce and written by Peter Koper . The ensemble cast includes Raymond J. Barry , Rustam Branaman , Jennifer McDonald , Taylor Nichols , and David Selby . The film 's title is taken from a 1983 headline in the "New York Post" written by Vincent Musetto , and the plot is loosely based on the events that inspired the headline . Cecil Taylor Nichols ( born March 3 , 1959 in Louisville , Kentucky ) is an American actor best known for roles in the Whit Stillman films "Metropolitan" , "Barcelona" , "The Last Days of Disco" , and "Damsels in Distress" . His characters in the first three of these films were insecure , stuttering sidekicks to those of the more outgoing Chris Eigeman . Nichols and Eigeman also played minor roles in the independent film "The Next Step" , released in 1997 , of which Nichols was an associate producer .
Keisuke Kuwata ( 桑田 佳祐 , Kuwata Keisuke , born February 26 , 1956 ) is a Japanese multi-instrumentalist , singer-songwriter , and frontman for the Southern All Stars , as well of his own solo band , the Kuwata band . He has also done significant amount of scoring music for films . He went to Aoyama Gakuin University . Moya Brennan , born Máire Ní Bhraonáin ( ] ) , also known as Máire Brennan ( born 4 August 1952 ) , is an Irish folk singer , songwriter , harpist , and philanthropist . She is the older sister of Enya and Brídín Brennan . She began performing professionally in 1970 when her family formed the band Clannad , and is considered as the "First Lady of Celtic Music" . Moya released her first solo album in 1992 called "Máire" , a successful venture . She has been nominated for two Grammys and has won an Emmy Award . She has recorded music for several soundtracks , including "Titanic" , "To End All Wars" and "King Arthur" .
Miguel Jontel Pimentel ( born October 23 , 1985 ) , better known as Miguel , is an American singer , songwriter , actor and record producer . Raised in Los Angeles , he began creating music at age thirteen . After signing to Jive Records in 2007 , Miguel released his debut studio album , "All I Want Is You" , in November 2010 . Although it was underpromoted upon its release , the album became a sleeper hit and helped Miguel garner commercial standing . Andrew Philip DeCaro ( born September 1 , 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Dru Decaro , is an American musician , singer/songwriter and producer . He is best known as the lead guitarist for Grammy-winning RnB artist Miguel and has also performed with Snoop Dogg , Will.I.Am , John Legend , Ice Cube , Faith Hill , Lil Jon , Jojo , and Andy Grammer .
3 Days to Kill is a 2014 French-American crime-thriller film directed by McG and written by Luc Besson and Adi Hasak . The film stars Kevin Costner , Amber Heard , Hailee Steinfeld , Connie Nielsen , Richard Sammel , and Eriq Ebouaney . The film was released on 21 February 2014 . Amber Laura Heard ( born April 22 , 1986 ) is an American actress . She made her film debut in 2004 in the sports drama "Friday Night Lights" . After small roles in "North Country" and "Alpha Dog" , Heard played her first leading role in "All the Boys Love Mandy Lane" ( 2006 ) and appeared in The CW television show "Hidden Palms" ( 2007 ) .
The 2014 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The team was led by second-year head coach Mark Helfrich and played their home games at Autzen Stadium for the 48th straight year . They were a member of the Pac-12 Conference in the North Division . The 2014 All-Pac-12 Conference football team consists of American football players chosen by various organizations for All-Pac-12 Conference teams for the 2014 Pac-12 Conference football season . The Oregon Ducks won the conference , defeating the Arizona Wildcats 51 to 13 in the Pac-12 Championship game . Oregon was then the national runner-up , in the College Football Playoff semifinal beating the ACC champion Florida States Seminoles 59 to 20 ; then losing to the Big Ten champion Ohio State Buckeyes 42 to 20 in the national championship game . Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota won the Heisman Trophy and was voted Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Year . Arizona linebacker Scooby Wright III was voted Pat Tillman Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year .
Life of Pi is a Canadian fantasy adventure novel by Yann Martel published in 2001 . The protagonist is Piscine Molitor "Pi" Patel , an Indian boy from Pondicherry who explores issues of spirituality and practicality from an early age . He survives 227 days after a shipwreck while stranded on a lifeboat in the Pacific Ocean with a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker . The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios and Other Stories is a book of short stories by Canadian author Yann Martel . First published as a paperback by Knopf Canada in the spring of 1993 , it received little attention outside Canada until 2004 , after Martel 's award-winning "Life of Pi" gained worldwide popularity and people became interested in the author 's work .
Boxing Day is a holiday celebrated the day after Christmas Day . It originated in the United Kingdom , and is celebrated in a number of countries that previously formed part of the British Empire . Boxing Day is on 26 December , although the attached bank holiday or public holiday may take place either on that day or two days later . The 2005 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship , sponsored by Ladbrokes , was held at the Circus Tavern , Purfleet and started on Boxing Day , 2004 . Phil Taylor went on to clinch his 12th World Championship ( 10 in the PDC , 2 in the BDO ) with a 7-4 final victory over Mark Dudbridge .
The BB & T Center ( previously known as the National Car Rental Center , Office Depot Center , and BankAtlantic Center ) is an indoor arena located in Sunrise , Florida . It is home to the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League . It was completed in 1998 , at a cost of US $ 185 million , almost entirely publicly financed , and features 70 suites and 2,623 club seats . The 53rd National Hockey League All-Star Game was held during the 2002–03 NHL season , and took place at the Office Depot Center in Sunrise , Florida , the home of the Florida Panthers , on February 2 , 2003 . It was the first All-Star Game since the 1997 All-Star Game to use the Eastern Conference–Western Conference format .
Philip Kindred Dick ( December 16 , 1928 – March 2 , 1982 ) was an American writer notable for publishing works of science fiction . Allen Stuart Drury ( September 2 , 1918 – September 2 , 1998 ) was an American novelist . He wrote the 1959 novel "Advise and Consent" , for which he won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1960 .
Mouton Cadet is the brand name of a popular range of modestly priced , generic Bordeaux wines , considered Bordeaux 's most successful brand . Created by Baron Philippe de Rothschild , Mouton Cadet wine is produced through the assembly of a variety of grapes , from several Bordeaux region appellations . Philippe , Baron de Rothschild ( 13 April 1902 – 20 January 1988 ) was a member of the Rothschild banking dynasty who became a Grand Prix race-car driver , a screenwriter and playwright , a theatrical producer , a film producer , a poet , and one of the most successful wine growers in the world .
The Argand lamp , a kind of oil lamp , was invented and patented in 1780 by Aimé Argand . Its output is 6 to 10 candela , brighter than that of earlier lamps . Its more complete combustion of the candle wick and oil than in other lamps required much less frequent trimming of the wick . The Lewis lamp is a type of light fixture used in lighthouses . It was invented by Winslow Lewis who patented the design in 1810 . The primary marketing point of the Lewis lamp was that it used less than half the oil of the prior oil lamps which they replaced . The lamp used a similar design to an Argand lamp , adding a parabolic reflector behind the lamp and a magnifying lens made from 4 in green bottle glass in front of the lamp . A similar variant using a parabolic reflector was created by the inventor of the Argand lamp , Aimé Argand . While the Argand variant became widely used by European lighthouses , the Lewis lamp design was selected by the United States for use in American lighthouses .
The Keebler Company is the largest cookie and cracker manufacturer in the United States . Founded in 1853 , it has produced numerous baked snacks . Keebler has marketed its brands such as Cheez-It ( which have the Sunshine Biscuits brand ) , Chips Deluxe , Club Crackers , E.L. Fudge Cookies , Famous Amos , Fudge Shoppe Cookies , Murray cookies , Austin , Plantation , Vienna Fingers , Town House Crackers , Wheatables , Sandie 's Shortbread , Chachos and Zesta Crackers , among others . Club Crackers are a brand of crackers made by the American Keebler Company . They are somewhat similar in resemblance to saltines , but are rectangular and have 18 holes in a 3x6 pattern instead of the 13 holes in a 3-2-3-2-3 pattern that are on a saltine . Also , their edges are even , not perforated . They have a buttery flavor and a large amount of fat , 0.5g per serving , not found in regular saltines . The crackers contain 70 calories per serving with four total crackers in one serving .
Stephanocereus is genus of cactus from Brazil , related to "Arrojadoa" . This genus was monotypic until "Pilosocereus luetzelburgii" was included here , resulting in the combination "Stephanocereus luetzelburgii" . Nepenthes ( ) , also known as tropical pitcher plants , is a genus of carnivorous plants in the monotypic family Nepenthaceae . The genus comprises roughly 150 species , and numerous natural and many cultivated hybrids . They are mostly liana-forming plants of the Old World tropics , ranging from South China , Indonesia , Malaysia and the Philippines ; westward to Madagascar ( two species ) and the Seychelles ( one ) ; southward to Australia ( three ) and New Caledonia ( one ) ; and northward to India ( one ) and Sri Lanka ( one ) . The greatest diversity occurs on Borneo , Sumatra , and the Philippines , with many endemic species . Many are plants of hot , humid , lowland areas , but the majority are tropical montane plants , receiving warm days but cool to cold , humid nights year round . A few are considered tropical alpine , with cool days and nights near freezing . The name "monkey cups" refers to the fact that monkeys have been observed drinking rainwater from these plants .
The Midlothian campaign of 1878–80 was a series of foreign policy speeches given by William Ewart Gladstone , leader of Britain 's Liberal Party . It is often cited as the first modern political campaign . It also set the stage for Gladstone 's comeback as a politician . It takes its name from the Midlothian constituency in Scotland where Gladstone ( of Scottish ancestry ) successfully stood in the 1880 election . William Ewart Gladstone , ( ; 29 December 1809 – 19 May 1898 ) was a British Liberal statesman and earlier Conservative politician . In a career lasting over 60 years , he served as Prime Minister four separate times ( 1868–74 , 1880–85 , February–July 1886 and 1892–94 ) , more than any other person , and served as Chancellor of the Exchequer four times . Gladstone was also Britain 's oldest Prime Minister ; he resigned for the final time when he was 84 years old .
Stephan Lichtsteiner ( born 16 January 1984 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays for Italian club Juventus and the Switzerland national team . An attacking right-back or wing-back , he is known for his energetic runs down the right wing , as well as his stamina and athleticism , which earned him the nicknames "Forrest Gump" and "The Swiss Express" . Forrest Gump is a 1994 American comedy-drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by Winston Groom . The film was directed by Robert Zemeckis and stars Tom Hanks , Robin Wright , Gary Sinise , Mykelti Williamson , and Sally Field . The story depicts several decades in the life of Forrest Gump , a slow-witted but kind-hearted , good-natured and athletically prodigious man from Alabama , who witnesses , and in some cases influences , some of the defining events of the latter half of the 20th century in the United States ; more specifically , the period between Forrest 's birth in 1944 and 1982 . The film differs substantially from Winston Groom 's novel , including Gump 's personality and several events that were depicted .
The Data Universal Numbering System , abbreviated as DUNS or D-U-N-S , is a proprietary system developed and regulated by Dun & Bradstreet ( D & B ) that assigns a unique numeric identifier , referred to as a "DUNS number" to a single business entity . It was introduced in 1963 to support D & B 's credit reporting practice . It is standard worldwide . DUNS users include the European Commission , the United Nations , and the United States government . More than 50 global industry and trade associations recognize , recommend , or require DUNS . The DUNS database contains over 250 million entries for businesses throughout the world . Dun & Bradstreet , Inc. ( ) is a company that provides commercial data , analytics and insights for business , headquartered in Short Hills , a community in Millburn , New Jersey , US . It offers a wide range of products , and services for risk and finance , operations and supply , and sales and marketing professionals , as well as research and insights on global business issues , serving customers in government and industries such as communications , technology , strategic financial services , and retail/telecommunications/manufacturing markets . Often referred to as D & B , the company ’ s database contains more than 265 million business records worldwide .
Marc Preston Webb ( born August 31 , 1974 ) is an American music video , short film , and film director . He made his feature film directorial debut with the 2009 romantic comedy-drama "( 500 ) Days of Summer" , and went on to direct the 2012 "Spider-Man" reboot "The Amazing Spider-Man" , its 2014 sequel , "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" , and the 2017 comedy-drama films "Gifted" and "The Only Living Boy in New York" . Tony Kaye ( born 8 July 1952 ) is a British director of films , music videos , advertisements , and documentaries .
Candlelight Red is a rock band from Williamsport , Pennsylvania . They have produced two studio albums and an EP . Their EP "Demons" and album "Reclamation" was produced by Morgan Rose of Sevendust . The Telescopes are an English noise , space rock , dream pop and psychedelic band , formed in 1987 by Stephen Lawrie , and drawing influence from artists such as Suicide , The Velvet Underground and The 13th Floor Elevators . They have a total of six released albums since their debut , "Taste" , released in 1989 .
The Ninety-third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government , composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives . It met in Washington , DC from January 3 , 1973 , to January 3 , 1975 , during the end of Richard Nixon 's presidency , and the beginning of Gerald Ford 's . This Congress was the first ( and , to date , only ) Congress with more than two Senate Presidents ( the Vice President of the United States ) , in this case , three . After the resignation of Spiro Agnew , Gerald Ford was appointed under the authority of the newly ratified 25th Amendment . Ford became President the next year and Nelson Rockefeller was appointed in his place . The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970 . Both chambers had a Democratic majority . Spiro Theodore "Ted" Agnew ( ; November 9 , 1918 – September 17 , 1996 ) was the 39th Vice President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1973 . He was the second – and most recent – vice president to resign the office , though unlike John C. Calhoun in 1832 , Agnew left office in disgrace .
Wendy 's is an American international fast food restaurant chain founded by Dave Thomas on November 15 , 1969 , in Columbus , Ohio , United States . The company moved its headquarters to Dublin , Ohio , on January 29 , 2006 . As of 2016 , Wendy 's was the world 's third largest hamburger fast food chain with 6,500+ locations , following Burger King and McDonald 's . On April 24 , 2008 , the company announced a merger with Triarc Companies Inc. , a publicly traded company and the parent company of Arby 's . Despite the new ownership , Wendy 's headquarters remained in Dublin . Previously , Wendy 's had rejected more than two buyout offers from Triarc . Following the merger , Triarc became known as Wendy's/Arby 's Group , and later as The Wendy 's Company . The CFL on TSN is TSN 's presentation of the Canadian Football League . TSN has broadcast CFL games since the 1987 season and has been the exclusive broadcaster of all CFL games ( including the playoffs and Grey Cup ) since 2008 . While the CFL on TSN shows all CFL games , the game of the week is aired on "Wendy 's Friday Night Football" . An additional , more entertainment-focused "Thursday Night Football" telecast ( unrelated to the National Football League package of the same name , which aired on rival Sportsnet until 2016 but moved to TSN and sister network CTV Two in 2017 ) was added in 2015 .
The Kentucky Derby is a horse race that is held annually in Louisville , Kentucky , United States , on the first Saturday in May , capping the two-week-long Kentucky Derby Festival . The race is a Grade I stakes race for three-year-old Thoroughbreds at a distance of one and a quarter miles ( 2 km ) at Churchill Downs . Colts and geldings carry 126 lb and fillies 121 lb . ESPN and ESPN2 's coverage of Thoroughbred racing consisted of NTRA Racing to the Kentucky Derby. , Road To The World Thoroughbred Championships/NTRA Racing to the Breeders ' Cup , a series of prep races for the Breeders ' Cup World Thoroughbred Championships , the post position draw for the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes , the Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes undercard races , the Kentucky Oaks and Black-Eyed Susan Stakes , NTRA 2Day At the Races , Racing Across America , the Preakness undercard races , the Eclipse Awards show , and Long John Silver 's Wire to Wire ( previously known as RaceHorse Digest ) , a weekly thoroughbred racing magazine show . They also had Triple Crown morning shows such as Breakfast at Churchill Downs and Breakfast at Pimlico . ESPN also broadcast NTRA Super Saturdays as well .
Stan Lee ( born Stanley Martin Lieber , December 28 , 1922 ) is an American comic-book writer , editor , film executive producer , and publisher . He was formerly editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics , and later its publisher and chairman before leaving the company to become its chairman emeritus , as well as a member of the editorial board . "The Six Arms Saga" is a story arc from the popular Marvel Comic Spider-Man , written by Stan Lee and drawn by Gil Kane . It spans the issues "Amazing Spider-Man" # 100–102 ( 1971 ) and features the first appearance of Morbius , the Living Vampire .
Black Swan is a 2010 American psychological horror film directed by Darren Aronofsky . The screenplay by Mark Heyman , Andres Heinz and John McLaughlin is from a story by Heinz . It stars Natalie Portman , Vincent Cassel , Mila Kunis , Barbara Hershey and Winona Ryder . The plot revolves around a production of Tchaikovsky 's "Swan Lake" ballet by a prestigious New York City company . The production requires a ballerina to play the innocent and fragile White Swan , for which the committed dancer Nina ( Portman ) is a perfect fit , as well as the dark and sensual Black Swan , which are qualities better embodied by the new arrival Lily ( Kunis ) . Nina is overwhelmed by a feeling of immense pressure when she finds herself competing for the part , causing her to lose her tenuous grip on reality and descend into a living nightmare . Swan Lake ( Russian : Лебединое озеро /" Lebedinoye ozero" ) , Op . 20 , is a ballet composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky in 1875–76 . Despite its initial failure , it is now one of the most popular of all ballets .
Broughtonia is a genus of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) native to the Bahamas and the Greater Antilles . The genus is abbreviated Bro in trade journals . Laeliocattleya is a nothogenus of intergeneric orchid hybrids descended from the parental genera "Laelia" and "Cattleya" . It is abbreviated Lc . in the horticultural trade .
Wolf and Sheep is a 2016 Danish-Afghan drama film directed by Shahrbanoo Sadat . It was screened in the Directors ' Fortnight section at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival where it won the Art Cinema Award . The 69th Cannes Film Festival was held from 11 to 22 May 2016 . Australian director George Miller was the President of the Jury for the main competition . French actor Laurent Lafitte was the host for the opening and closing ceremonies . On 15 March it was announced that Japanese director Naomi Kawase would serve as the Cinéfondation and Short Film Jury president . American director Woody Allen 's film "Café Society" opened the festival .
April Bernard ( born 1956 ) is an American poet . She was born and raised in New England , and graduated from Harvard University . She has worked as a senior editor at "Vanity Fair" , "Premiere" , and "Manhattan , inc" . In the early 1990s , she taught at Amherst College . In Fall 2003 , she was Sidney Harman Writer-in-Residence at Baruch College . She currently teaches at Skidmore College in Saratoga Springs , New York . Her work has appeared in "The New Yorker" , the "Boston Review" , "AGNI" , "Ploughshares" , "Parnassus" , and "The New York Review of Books" . Premiere was an American and New York City-based film magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. , between 1987 and 2010 . The original version of the magazine , "Première" , was established in France in 1976 and is still being published there .
Gaia is a space observatory of the European Space Agency ( ESA ) designed for astrometry : measuring the positions and distances of stars with unprecedented precision . The mission aims to construct the largest and most precise 3D space catalog ever made , totalling approximately 1 billion astronomical objects , mainly stars but also planets , comets , asteroids and quasars among others . Astrosat is India 's first dedicated multi-wavelength space observatory . It was launched on a PSLV-XL on 28 September 2015 .
David James Thouless { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( , born 21 September 1934 ) is a British condensed-matter physicist . He is a winner of the Wolf Prize and laureate of the 2016 Nobel Prize for physics along with F. Duncan M. Haldane and J. Michael Kosterlitz for theoretical discoveries of topological phase transitions and topological phases of matter . In 2016 , Thouless was reported to be suffering from dementia . Vadim L'vovich Berezinskii ( 15 July 1935 , Kiev – 23 June 1980 , Moscow ) was a Soviet physicist . He was born in Kiev , graduated from Moscow State University in 1959 , and worked in Moscow and the Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics . He is famous for having identified the role played by topological defects in the low-temperature phase of two-dimensional systems with a continuous symmetry . His work led to the discovery of the Berezinskii–Kosterlitz–Thouless transition , for which John M. Kosterlitz and David J. Thouless were awarded the Nobel Prize in 2016 .
George I ( George Louis ; German : "Georg Ludwig" ; 28 May 1660 – 11 June 1727 ) was King of Great Britain and Ireland from 1 August 1714 until his death , and ruler of the Duchy and Electorate of Brunswick-Lüneburg ( Hanover ) in the Holy Roman Empire from 1698 . John Erskine , Earl of Mar , KT ( 1675 – May 1732 ) , Scottish Jacobite , was the eldest son of Charles , Earl of Mar ( who died in 1689 ) , from whom he inherited estates that were heavily loaded with debt . He was the 23rd Earl of Mar in the first creation of the earldom . He was also the sixth earl in the seventh creation ( of 1565 ) . Other sources count him as 22nd earl , still others number him 11th earl ( See notes ) . He was nicknamed "Bobbing John" , for his tendency to shift back and forth from faction to faction , whether from Tory to Whig or Hanoverian to Jacobite . Deprived of office by the new king in 1714 , Mar raised the standard of rebellion against the Hanoverians ; at the battle of Sheriffmuir in November 1715 , Mar 's forces outnumbered those of his opponent , but victory eluded him . At Fetteresso his cause was lost , and Mar fled to France , where he would spend the remainder of his life . The parliament passed a Writ of Attainder for treason against Mar in 1716 , as punishment for his disloyalty , which was not lifted until 1824 . He died in 1732 .
The Lacy Dog or Blue Lacy Dog is a breed of working dog that originated in Texas in the mid-19th century . The Lacy was first recognized in 2001 by the Texas Senate . In Senate Resolution No . 436 , the 77th Legislature honored the Lacy as "a true Texas breed" . In June 2005 , Governor Rick Perry signed the legislation adopting the Blue Lacy as "the official State Dog Breed of Texas" . As expected , the vast majority of Lacy dogs are found in Texas . However , as the breed becomes more well recognized , there are breeding populations being established across the United States , Canada , and most recently in Europe . The Norrbottenspets is a breed of dog of the spitz type . It is an ancient breed whose original purpose was a farm and hunting dog but has recently become more popular as a companion dog . The Norrbottenspets is used to hunt wood grouse , black grouse , capercaillie and hazel grouse , but also fox , marten and raccoon . Some individuals are also effective with mammals as large as moose and grizzly bear . Norrbottenspets was formerly used in hunting squirrels , when squirrel fur was valuable in the beginning of the 20th century and earlier .
The Apple Dumpling Gang is a 1975 American comedy-western film produced by Walt Disney Productions about a slick gambler named Russell Donovan ( Bill Bixby ) who is duped into taking care of a group of orphans who eventually strike gold during the California Gold Rush . Heavyweights is a 1995 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Brill and written by Brill with Judd Apatow . The film centers around a fat camp for kids that is taken over by a fitness guru named Tony Perkis ( Ben Stiller ) .
Adelaide Entertainment Centre ( AEC ) is an indoor arena located in the South Australian capital of Adelaide , and is used for sporting and entertainment events . It is the principal venue for concerts , events and attractions for audiences between 2,000 and 12,000 . It is located on Port Road in the suburb of Hindmarsh , just north of the Adelaide city centre . With modern architecture and acoustics , function rooms and award-winning catering , the Adelaide Entertainment Centre provides a live entertainment venue for hundreds of thousands of people each year . In 2010 the Adelaide Entertainment Centre completed a $ 52m redevelopment with a new entry and Theatre complex . UFC Fight Night : Miocic vs. Hunt ( also known as UFC Fight Night 65 ) was a mixed martial arts event held on 10 May 2015 at the Adelaide Entertainment Centre in Adelaide , Australia .
Bowie is a city in Prince George 's County , Maryland . The population was 54,727 at the 2010 U.S. Census . Bowie has grown from a small railroad stop to the largest municipality in Prince George 's County , and the fifth most populous city and third largest city by area in the U.S. state of Maryland . In 2014 CNN Money ranked Bowie 28th in its Best Places to Live in America list . The Maryland Jockey Club is a sporting organization dedicated to horse racing , founded in Annapolis in 1743 . The Jockey Club was founded more than 30 years before the start of the Revolutionary War and is chartered as the oldest sporting organization in North America . After 267 years it remains the corporate name of the company that operates ; Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore , Maryland which opened in 1870 , Laurel Park Racecourse in Laurel , Maryland which opened in 1911 and Bowie Race Track in Bowie , Maryland which opened as race course in 1914 and ceased operations as a track in 1985 . The track now serves as a training center for Thoroughbred racehorses .
Terence Fisher ( 23 February 1904 – 18 June 1980 ) was a British film director who worked for Hammer Films . Leopoldo Torre Nilsson ( 5 May 1924 – 8 September 1978 ) , also known as Leo Towers and as Babsy , was an Argentine film director , producer and screenwriter .
Rankin/Bass Productions , Inc. ( founded as Videocraft International , Ltd. ) was an American production company , known for its seasonal television specials , particularly its work in stop motion animation . The pre-1974 library is owned by Universal Studios ( via DreamWorks Animation/DreamWorks Classics ) , while the post-1973 library is owned by Warner Bros. Rankin/Bass stop-motion features are recognisable by their visual style of doll-like characters with spheroid body parts , and ubiquitous powdery snow using an animation technique called "Animagic" . Often , traditional cel animation scenes of falling snow would be projected over the action to create the effect of a snowfall . The Year Without a Santa Claus is a 1974 Christmas stop motion animated television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions . The story is based on Phyllis McGinley 's 1956 book of the same name , illustrated by Kurt Werth . It was originally broadcast on December 10 , 1974 on ABC .
The Kingdom of Equestria , or simply , Equestria , is the primary setting for Hasbro 's animated show , "" , and its feature film "" . Keeping in mind , that Equestria is not on planet Earth , instead of English , it is mentioned that they call their language , "Ponyish" . However , because Latin-English text is seen several times throughout the show , it is assumed that this is just simply , English , under a different name . It is presumed to be a federal constitutional principality , led by the five princesses and one prince of Equestria and a neighboring nation , the Crystal Empire . The nation was founded when the three pony tribes , unicorns , pegasi , and earth ponies , came together to in harmony , to fight the Wendigos , and to stop an eternal blizzard . The legend lends its name to the controversial modern medical term Wendigo psychosis , described by psychiatrists as a culture-bound syndrome with symptoms such as an intense craving for human flesh and a fear of becoming a cannibal . In some Indigenous communities , environmental destruction and insatiable greed are also seen as a manifestation of Wendigo Psychosis .
Zoltan Korda ( June 3 , 1895 – October 13 , 1961 ) was a Hungarian-born motion picture screenwriter , director and producer . He made his first film in Hungary in 1918 , and worked with his brother Alexander Korda on film-making there and in London . They both moved to the United States in 1940 to Hollywood and the American film industry . William Todd Field ( born February 24 , 1964 ) is an American actor and three-time Academy Award nominated filmmaker .
Mycologia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on all aspects of the fungi , including lichens . It first appeared as a bimonthly journal in January 1909 , published by the New York Botanical Garden under the editorship of William Murrill . It became the official journal of the Mycological Society of America , which still publishes it today . It was formed as a merger of the "Journal of Mycology" ( 14 volumes ; 1885–1908 ) and the "Mycological Bulletin" ( 7 volumes ; 1903-1908 ) . The "Mycological Bulletin" was known as the "Ohio Mycological Bulletin" in its first volume . The New York Botanical Garden ( NYBG ) is a botanical garden and National Historic Landmark located in the Bronx , New York City . The 250 acre site 's verdant landscape supports over one million living plants in extensive collections . Each year over one million visitors visit the garden 's remarkable diversity of tropical , temperate , and desert flora , as well as programming that ranges from exhibitions in the Haupt Conservatory to festivals on Daffodil Hill .
The Journal of Behavioral Finance is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research related to the field of behavioral finance . It was established in 2000 as "The Journal of Psychology and Financial Markets" . The founding Board of Editors were Brian Bruce , David Dreman , Paul Slovic , Nobel Laureate Vernon Smith and Arnold Wood . The editor-in-chief was Gunduz Caginalp ( 2000-2005 ) , Brian Bruce ( Hillcrest Asset Management ) is the current editor . Vernon Lomax Smith ( born January 1 , 1927 ) is an American professor of economics at Chapman University 's Argyros School of Business and Economics and School of Law in Orange , California , formerly a research scholar at George Mason University Interdisciplinary Center for Economic Science , and a Fellow of the Mercatus Center , all in Arlington , Virginia .
Bantu Stephen Biko ( 18 December 1946 – 12 September 1977 ) was a South African anti-apartheid activist . Ideologically an African nationalist and African socialist , he was at the forefront of a grassroots anti-apartheid campaign known as the Black Consciousness Movement during the late 1960s and 1970s . His ideas were articulated in a series of articles published under the pseudonym Frank Talk . I Write What I Like ( full name "I Write What I Like : Selected Writings by Steve Biko" ) is a compilation of writings from anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko .
Harold Brent Wallis ( born Aaron Blum Wolowicz ; October 19 , 1898 – October 5 , 1986 ) was an American film producer . He is best remembered for producing "Casablanca" ( 1942 ) and "True Grit" ( 1969 ) , along with many other major films for Warner Bros. featuring such film stars as Humphrey Bogart , Bette Davis , and Errol Flynn . Humphrey DeForest Bogart ( ; December 25 , 1899January 14 , 1957 ) was an American screen and stage actor whose performances in 1940s films noir such as "The Maltese Falcon" , "Casablanca" , and "The Big Sleep" earned him status as a cultural icon .
Donald Shane "Don" Holmes ( born 5 January 1959 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who was played in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) for Swan Districts and in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) for West Coast . The Swan Districts Football Club , nicknamed the Swans , is an Australian rules football club playing in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) . The club is based at Bassendean Oval , in Bassendean , an eastern suburb of Perth , Western Australia . The club was formed in 1932 , and joined the then-Western Australian National Football League ( WANFL ) in 1934 , acting as a successor to the Midland Junction Football Club , which had disbanded during World War I , in the Perth Hills region .
2014 S/S is the debut album of South Korean group WINNER . It was released on August 12 , 2014 by the group 's record label , YG Entertainment . The members were credited for writing the lyrics and composing the majority of the album 's songs . Winner ( Hangul : 위너 ) , often stylized as WINNER , is a South Korean boy group formed in 2013 by YG Entertainment and debuted in 2014 . It currently consists of four members , Jinwoo , Seunghoon , Mino and Seungyoon . Originally a five-piece group with Taehyun , who later departed from the group in November 2016 .
James Kerwin ( born October 13 , 1973 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American film and theatre director . Paul Verhoeven ( ] ; born 18 July 1938 ) is a Dutch film director , film producer , television director , television producer , and screenwriter . Verhoeven is active in both the Netherlands and Hollywood . Explicit violent and/or sexual content and social satire are trademarks of both his drama and science fiction films . He is best known for directing the films "RoboCop" ( 1987 ) , "Total Recall" ( 1990 ) , "Basic Instinct" ( 1992 ) , "Showgirls" ( 1995 ) , "Starship Troopers" ( 1997 ) , and "Elle" ( 2016 ) .
The Cherry Orchard ( Russian : "Вишнëвый сад" , "Vishnevyi sad ") is the last play by Russian playwright Anton Chekhov . Written in 1903 , it was first published by "Znaniye" ( Book Two , 1904 ) , and came out as a separate edition later that year in Saint Petersburg , via A.F . Marks Publishers . It opened at the Moscow Art Theatre on 17 January 1904 in a production directed by Konstantin Stanislavski . Chekhov described the play as a comedy , with some elements of farce , though Stanislavski treated it as a tragedy . Since its first production , directors have contended with its dual nature . It is often identified as one of the three or four outstanding plays by Chekhov , along with "The Seagull" , "Three Sisters" , and "Uncle Vanya" . Jessica Chastain is an American actress who has appeared in film , television and stage . As a final-year student at the Juilliard School , she was signed on for a talent holding deal by the television producer John Wells . From 2004 to 2010 , she had guest roles in several television shows , including "ER" , "Veronica Mars" and "" . She also appeared in stage productions with Michelle Williams for "The Cherry Orchard" in 2004 , and with Al Pacino for "Salome" in 2006 . In 2008 , Chastain made her film debut as the title character in "Jolene" , an adaptation of E. L. Doctorow 's short story "Jolene : A Life" . She had a minor role in "Stolen" ( 2009 ) , a critically panned mystery-thriller , following which she played the younger version of Helen Mirren 's character in "The Debt" ( 2010 ) .
Merck & Co. , Inc. ( ) , d.b.a . Merck Sharp & Dohme ( MSD ) outside the United States and Canada , is an American pharmaceutical company and one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world . Doravirine ( MK-1439 ) is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor under development by Merck & Co. for use in the treatment of HIV/AIDS . Doravirine demonstrated robust antiviral activity and good tolerability in a small clinical study of 7-day monotherapy reported at the 20th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections in March 2013 . Doravirine appeared safe and generally well-tolerated with most adverse events being mild-to-moderate .
ER is an American medical drama television series created by novelist and medical doctor Michael Crichton that aired on NBC from September 19 , 1994 , to April 2 , 2009 , with a total of 331 episodes spanning over 15 seasons . It was produced by Constant c Productions and Amblin Television , in association with Warner Bros. Television . "ER" follows the inner life of the emergency room ( ER ) of fictional County General Hospital in Chicago , Illinois , and various critical issues faced by the room 's physicians and staff . The show became the longest-running primetime medical drama in American television history . It won 23 Primetime Emmy Awards , including the 1996 Outstanding Drama Series award , and received 124 Emmy nominations , which makes it the most nominated drama program in history . "ER" won 116 awards in total , including the Peabody Award , while the cast earned four Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Ensemble Performance in a Drama Series . Julianna Margulies ( ; ( 'Mar-ga-lease ' ) born June 8 , 1966 ) is an American actress and producer . After several small television roles , Margulies achieved wide recognition for her role as Carol Hathaway on NBC 's long-running medical drama "ER" , for which she won an Emmy Award . She also voiced Neera in "Dinosaur" ( 2000 ) and appeared in the miniseries "The Mists of Avalon" ( 2001 ) . In 2009 , she took on the lead role of Alicia Florrick in the American legal drama "The Good Wife" on CBS . Her performance on that show has garnered acclaim : she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series twice , a Golden Globe , and a Television Critics Association Award .
Girls ' Generation ( ) , also known as SNSD , is a South Korean girl group formed by S.M . Entertainment . The group is composed of eight members : Taeyeon , Sunny , Tiffany , Hyoyeon , Yuri , Sooyoung , Yoona , and Seohyun . Originally a nine-piece group ( with Jessica , who later departed from the group in September 2014 ) , Girls ' Generation debuted in 2007 with their Korean eponymous debut album . Though the album gained some attention , it was not until 2009 that the group rose to fame with the single "Gee" , which claimed the top spot on KBS 's "Music Bank" for a record-breaking nine consecutive weeks and was named the most popular song of the 2000s in South Korea by Melon . Girls ' Generation further consolidated their popularity on the South Korean music scene with follow-up singles "Tell Me Your Wish ( Genie )" , "Oh ! ", and "Run Devil Run" , which were released in mid-2009 and early 2010 . Lion Heart is the fifth Korean language studio album recorded by South Korean girl group Girls ' Generation . It marked their first record as an eight-member group since the departure of member Jessica in September 2014 . Produced by Lee Soo-man , "Lion Heart" musically encompasses styles of electropop and bubblegum pop . It was released in two parts throughout August 18 and August 19 , 2015 by S.M . Entertainment ; another version with a different cover titled "You Think" was distributed on August 26 , 2015 .
Sir Anthony Peter McCoy , OBE ( born 4 May 1974 ) , commonly known as A. P. McCoy or Tony McCoy , is a Northern Irish former horse racing jockey . Based in Ireland and the UK , McCoy rode a record 4,358 winners , and was Champion Jockey a record 20 consecutive times , every year he was a professional . He stands 1.78 m ( 5'10" ) , far taller than most jockeys . The 1997 Cheltenham Gold Cup was a horse race which took place at Cheltenham on Thursday 13 March 1997 . It was the 70th running of the Cheltenham Gold Cup , and it was won by Mr Mulligan . The winner was ridden by Tony McCoy and trained by Noel Chance . The pre-race favourite Imperial Call pulled-up before fence 18 .
Rodgersia is a genus of flowering plants in the Saxifragaceae family . "Rodgersia" are herbaceous perennials originating from east Asia . Yucca is a genus of perennial shrubs and trees in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Agavoideae . Its 40-50 species are notable for their rosettes of evergreen , tough , sword-shaped leaves and large terminal panicles of white or whitish flowers . They are native to the hot and dry ( arid ) parts of the Americas and the Caribbean . Early reports of the species were confused with the cassava ( "Manihot esculenta" ) . Consequently , Linnaeus mistakenly derived the generic name from the Taíno word for the latter , "yuca" ( spelled with a single "c" ) . It is commonly found growing in rural graveyards and when in bloom the cluster of ( usually pale ) flowers on a thin stalk appear as floating apparitions .
The I Stand tour was a tour taken by American actress and singer Idina Menzel . Idina Kim Menzel ( ; born Idina Kim Mentzel ; May 30 , 1971 ) is an American actress , singer , and songwriter .
Moraine is a city in Montgomery County , Ohio , United States . The population was 6,307 at the 2010 census . The city is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area , which includes Montgomery County . Moraine , as part of the Dayton area , is situated within the Miami Valley region of Ohio , just north of the Cincinnati metropolitan area . The Cincinnati metropolitan area , informally known as Greater Cincinnati , is a metropolitan area that includes counties in the U.S. states of Ohio , Kentucky , and Indiana around the Ohio city of Cincinnati . The United States Census Bureau 's formal name for the area is the Cincinnati–Middletown , OH–KY–IN Metropolitan Statistical Area . As of the 2010 U.S. Census , this MSA had a population of 2,114,580 , the largest metropolitan area involving Ohio and 27th largest in the United States .
Black ( Bengali : ব্ল্যাক ) is a Bangladeshi rock band , formed in Dhaka , Bangladesh . New Found Glory ( formerly A New Found Glory ) is an American rock band from Coral Springs , Florida , formed in 1997 . The band currently consists of Jordan Pundik ( lead vocals ) , Ian Grushka ( bass guitar ) , Chad Gilbert ( lead guitar , backing vocals ) , and Cyrus Bolooki ( drums ) . Longtime rhythm guitarist and lyricist Steve Klein departed from the band in late 2013 , following "personal differences ." During their lengthy recording career , the band have released nine studio albums , one live album , two EPs , and three cover albums .
Aati Kya Khandala ( Hindi : आती क्या खंडाला , Urdu : آتی کیا کھنڈالا ) is a Hindi song sung by Indian actor Aamir Khan & playback singer Alka Yagnik and composed by Jatin–Lalit . It was a part of the soundtrack of the 1998 Hindi film "Ghulam" . The lyrics were written by Nitin Raikwar . Jatin–Lalit are a Bollywood film composer duo consisting of Jatin Pandit and his younger brother Lalit . They have written the scores for films such as "Khiladi" , "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" , "" , "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" , "Yes Boss" , "Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai" , "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" , "Mohabbatein" , "Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham" and "Fanaa" .
Outrage ! , "the official Tower of London board game" , was first created in 1992 by Imperial Games . Players move about the board , which depicts the Tower of London , and attempt to steal the British Crown Jewels . In reality , the only modern attempt to steal the Jewels was made in 1671 by Thomas Blood and his accomplices , who failed to escape — an earlier attempt in the early fourteenth century was equally unsuccessful — and the game challenges players to “ succeed where they failed. ” Camel Up is a board game for two to eight players . It was designed by Steffen Bogen and illustrated by Dennis Lohausen , and published in 2014 by Pegasus Spiele . Players place bets on a camel race in the desert ; the player who wins the most money is the winner of the game . "Camel Up" won the Spiel des Jahres in 2014 .
Maskarade ( "Masquerade" ) is an opera in three acts by Carl Nielsen to a Danish libretto by Vilhelm Andersen , based on the comedy by Ludvig Holberg . It was first performed on 11 November 1906 at Det Kongelige Teater , Copenhagen . "Maskarade" has enjoyed enduring popularity in Denmark where it is considered to be the country 's national opera . Die Teufel von Loudun ( "The Devils of Loudun" ) is an opera in three acts written in 1968 and 1969 by Polish composer Krzysztof Penderecki , and then revised in 1972 and 1975 . It has a German libretto by the composer , based on John Whiting 's dramatization of Aldous Huxley 's novel of the same name .
HyperNormalisation is a 2016 BBC documentary by British filmmaker Adam Curtis . In the film , Curtis argues that since the 1970s , governments , financiers , and technological utopians have given up on the complex "real world" and built a simple "fake world" that is run by corporations and kept stable by politicians . The film was released on 16 October 2016 on the BBC iPlayer . The British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) is a British public service broadcaster with its headquarters at Broadcasting House in London . The BBC is the world 's oldest national broadcasting organisation and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees . It employs over 20,950 staff in total , 16,672 of whom are in public sector broadcasting . The total number of staff is 35,402 when part-time , flexible , and fixed contract staff are included .
"Yellow" is a song by the British rock band Coldplay . The band wrote the song and co-produced it with British record producer Ken Nelson for their debut album , "Parachutes" ( 2000 ) . The song 's lyrics are a reference to the band 's lead singer Chris Martin 's unrequited love . A Rush of Blood to the Head is the second studio album by the British rock band Coldplay . It was released on 26 August 2002 by Parlophone in the United Kingdom , and a day later by Capitol Records in the United States . The album was produced by the band and producer Ken Nelson . Recording started after the band became popular worldwide with the release of their debut album "Parachutes" ( 2000 ) , and one of its singles in particular , "Yellow" . The album makes greater use of electric guitar and piano than its predecessor .
God Is Not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything is a 2007 book by Anglo-American author and journalist Christopher Hitchens , in which he makes a case against organized religion . It was published by Atlantic Books in the United Kingdom as God Is Not Great : The Case Against Religion . Christopher Eric Hitchens ( 13 April 1949 – 15 December 2011 ) was an Anglo-American author , columnist , essayist , orator , religious and literary critic , social critic , and journalist . Hitchens was the author , co-author , editor or co-editor of over 30 books , including five collections of essays , on politics , literature and religion . A staple of public discourse , his confrontational style of debate made him both a lauded intellectual and a controversial public figure . He contributed to "New Statesman" , "The Nation" , "The Weekly Standard" , "The Atlantic" , "London Review of Books" , "The Times Literary Supplement" , "Slate" , "Free Inquiry" and "Vanity Fair" .
In September , The Fader published an interview with CupcakKe , which she discussed her new album that would address "rape , and everything else" . The Fader ( stylized as The FADER ) is a New York City-based music magazine launched in 1999 by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen , covering music , style and culture . It was the first print publication to be released on iTunes .
Nimavar school ( Persian : مسجد نیماور‎ ‎ ) is a historical school in Isfahan , Iran . It 's located in Nimavar Bazaar and belongs to Safavid era . This school was built in 1691 in the era of Suleiman I . A bazaar is a permanently enclosed marketplace or street where goods and services are exchanged or sold . The term originates from the Persian word bāzār , from Middle Persian "wāzār" , from Old Persian "vāčar" , from Proto-Indo-Iranian "* wahā-čarana" . The term bazaar is sometimes also used to refer to the "network of merchants , bankers , and craftsmen" who work in that area . Although the current meaning of the word is believed to have originated in native Zoroastrian Persia , its use has spread and now has been accepted into the vernacular in countries around the world . In Balinese , the word "pasar" , means "market" . The capital of Bali province , in Indonesia , is Denpasar , which means "North market" . "Souq" is another word used in the Middle East for an open-air marketplace or commercial quarter .
The Big East Conference was a collegiate athletics conference that consisted of as many as 16 universities in the eastern half of the United States from 1979 to 2013 . The conference 's members participated in 24 NCAA sports . Three members had football programs but were not Big East football schools : Notre Dame football was independent while Georgetown and Villanova competed in the Football Championship Subdivision . Another five schools—DePaul , Marquette , Seton Hall , St. John 's , and Providence—discontinued or did not have football programs . The 1998 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1998 NCAA Division I-A football season . It was the Mountaineers ' 106th overall and 8th season as a member of the Big East Conference ( Big East ) . The team was led by head coach Don Nehlen , in his 19th year , and played their home games at Mountaineer Field in Morgantown , West Virginia . They finished the season with a record of eight wins and four losses ( 8–4 overall , 5–2 in the Big East ) and with a loss against Missouri in the Insight.com Bowl .
Maxwell Scott Green ( born December 15 , 1984 ) , better known as Max Green , is an American musician who is the former bassist/backing vocalist and one of the founders of the band Escape the Fate , and is the former rhythm guitarist and vocalist for the band The Natural Born Killers . He is currently the vocalist and rhythm guitarist for his own band , Violent New Breed . Chantal Claret Euringer ( born February 21 , 1982 ) , known as Chantal Claret , is an American singer/songwriter . She is best known as the lead singer for the rock and power pop band Morningwood .
Hussein Ali Mahfouz ( 3 May 1926 - 19 January 2009 ) was an Iraqi scholar in the field of Semitic languages . The Semitic languages are a branch of the Afroasiatic language family originating in the Middle East . Semitic languages are spoken by more than 330 million people across much of Western Asia , North Africa and the Horn of Africa , as well as in often large expatriate communities in North America and Europe , with smaller communities in the Caucasus and Central Asia . The terminology was first used in the 1780s by members of the Göttingen School of History , who derived the name from Shem , one of the three sons of Noah in the Book of Genesis .
The 1st Regiment Alabama Siege Artillery ( African Descent ) was an artillery regiment recruited from African-Americans that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War . The regiment was renamed the 6th US Colored Heavy Artillery . Under the leadership of Major Lionel Booth , the 6th US Colored Heavy Artillery fought at the Battle of Fort Pillow on April 12 , 1864 . The regiment had a strength of 8 Officers and 213 men . The Battle of Fort Pillow , also known as the Fort Pillow massacre , was fought on April 12 , 1864 , at Fort Pillow on the Mississippi River in Henning , Tennessee , during the American Civil War . The battle ended with a massacre of Union troops ( most of them African American soldiers ) attempting to surrender , by soldiers under the command of Confederate Major General Nathan Bedford Forrest . Military historian David J. Eicher concluded , "Fort Pillow marked one of the bleakest , saddest events of American military history ."
The Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission ( ERLC ) is the public policy arm of the Southern Baptist Convention , the largest non-Catholic Christian denomination in the United States , with over 16 million members in over 43,000 independent churches . As of June 1 , 2013 , the ERLC is headed by Russell D. Moore and is headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee , with additional offices in Washington , D.C. and Cyprus . Russell D. Moore is an American evangelical theologian , ethicist , and preacher . He is currently president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission , the public-policy arm of the Southern Baptist Convention ( SBC ) . Moore previously served at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , one of six seminaries of the SBC , as dean of the School of Theology , senior vice president for academic administration , and as professor of Christian theology and ethics .
Not Another B Movie is a 2010 American satirical comedy film written and directed by John Wesley Norton which peers into the processes of making a low-budget horror film . The film stars Byron Thames , Larry Thomas , James Vallo , David Faustino , Joe Estevez , and Ed Asner . Joseph "Joe" Estevez ( born February 13 , 1946 ) is an American actor , director and producer . He is the younger brother of actor Martin Sheen and the uncle of Emilio Estevez , Charlie Sheen , Renée Estevez and Ramon Estevez .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a contemporary fantasy debut novel by American author Ransom Riggs . The story is told through a combination of narrative and vernacular photographs from the personal archives of collectors listed by the author . Hollow City is a 2014 dark fantasy novel and a sequel to "Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children" written by Ransom Riggs . It was released on January 14 , 2014 by Quirk Books . The novel is set right after the first , and sees Jacob and his friends fleeing from Miss Peregrine 's to the "peculiar capital of the world" , London .
Bicycling is a cycling brand published by Rodale , Inc. in Emmaus , Pennsylvania . "Bicycling" claims to be the world ’ s largest cycling magazine . National Review ( NR ) is an American semi-monthly conservative editorial magazine focusing on news and commentary pieces on political , social , and cultural affairs . The magazine was founded by the author William F. Buckley Jr. in 1955 . It is currently edited by Rich Lowry .
The Market Theater Gum Wall is a brick wall covered in used chewing gum , in an alleyway in downtown Seattle . It is located in Post Alley under Pike Place Market . Similar to Bubblegum Alley in San Luis Obispo , California , the Market Theater Gum Wall is a local landmark . Parts of the wall can be covered several inches thick , 15 feet high for 50 feet . San Luis Obispo ( ; Spanish for "St. Louis , the Bishop [ of Toulouse ]" ) , or SLO for short , is a city in the U.S. state of California , located roughly midway between Los Angeles and San Francisco on the Central Coast . The population was 45,119 at the 2010 census . The population of San Luis Obispo County was 269,637 in 2010 .
Samuel Rickards ( 1796–1865 ) was a Church of England clergyman , opponent of the Oxford Movement , and writer of devotional literature . The Oxford Movement was a movement of High Church members of the Church of England which eventually developed into Anglo-Catholicism . The movement , whose original devotees were mostly associated with the University of Oxford , argued for the reinstatement of some older Christian traditions of faith and their inclusion into Anglican liturgy and theology . They thought of Anglicanism as one of three branches of the One , Holy , Catholic , and Apostolic Church .
Louis B. Garippo ( June 4 , 1931 – May 31 , 2016 ) was a former Cook County judge and supervisor in the state ’ s attorney ’ s office best known as the presiding judge over the trial of John Wayne Gacy . He also made notable contributions during the trial of Richard Speck and the controversy which surrounded Chief Illiniwek . Richard Benjamin Speck ( December 6 , 1941 – December 5 , 1991 ) was an American mass murderer who systematically tortured , raped , and murdered eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital on the night of July 13-14 , 1966 .
The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee is a musical comedy with music and lyrics by William Finn , a book by Rachel Sheinkin and additional material by Jay Reiss . The show centers on a fictional spelling bee set in a geographically ambiguous Putnam Valley Middle School . Six quirky adolescents compete in the Bee , run by three equally quirky grown-ups . Lisa Howard is an American actress and singer . Howard is most known for playing Siobhan in "" and Rona Lisa Peretti in "The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee" . "Spelling Bee" went on to win many awards , including the Drama Desk Award for Best Ensemble . She created the character of Jenny in the new Broadway musical "It Shoulda Been You" , receiving a
Big Ben is the nickname for the Great Bell of the clock at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London and is usually extended to refer to both the clock and the clock tower as well . The tower is officially known as Elizabeth Tower , renamed to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II in 2012 ; previously , it was known simply as the Clock Tower . Denmark Hill is an area and road in Camberwell , in the London Borough of Southwark . The road forms part of the A215 ; north of Camberwell Green it becomes Camberwell Road ; south of Red Post Hill it becomes Herne Hill . Its postcode is SE5 . Nearby streets whose names refer to different aspects of the same topographical feature include Dog Kennel Hill , Champion Hill and Red Post Hill . It marks the edge of the Thames valley plain in this area — from here to the river the land is flat . There are good views across central London from vantage points ( e.g . top storey windows ) on the top of the hill to the north and neighbouring Dulwich to the south . On a clear day one can read the time on the Big Ben clockface .
The Dressmaker is a 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film written and directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse , based on the novel of the same name by Rosalie Ham . It stars Kate Winslet as a femme fatale in the titular role of the dressmaker , Myrtle "Tilly" Dunnage , who returns to a small Australian town to take care of her ailing , mentally unstable mother . The film explores the themes of revenge and creativity and was described by Moorhouse as "Clint Eastwood 's "Unforgiven" with a sewing machine ." Rebecca Catherine Gibney ( born 14 December 1964 ) is a New Zealand actress known for her roles on Australian television in "The Flying Doctors" , "Halifax f.p . ", "Packed to the Rafters" , "Winter" and "Wanted" . She is a Gold Logie winner and has featured in a number of Australian films including "Mental" and "The Dressmaker" .
The Daily Howler is an American political blog written by Bob Somerby . It was perhaps the first major political blog , started in 1998 . The style is by turns earnest and sarcastic . Somerby criticizes what he considers the media 's frequently biased or lazy coverage . In his view , the media frequently latch on to a generally agreed "script" with little regard for facts that contradict the script . For instance , in the runup to the U.S. 2000 election it was frequently said or assumed that Al Gore was untruthful , but Somerby shows that much of what supposedly underlay that script was in fact untrue , misrepresented or greatly exaggerated . He also argues that the media frequently ignore substantive issues and concentrate on trivial ones instead ( in the 2000 presidential election , for example , professing bewilderment in response to the candidates ' budget proposals while writing repeatedly and at length about irrelevant issues such as Gore 's choice of clothes , or in 2006 writing articles about Barack Obama 's middle name . ) Despite being left of center in his politics , Somerby mainly critiques liberals in the U.S. mainstream media who he feels do poor journalism , such as Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann , both of MSNBC . Rachel Anne Maddow ( , ; born April 1 , 1973 ) is an American television host , political commentator , and author .
8 Mile is a 2002 American drama film written by Scott Silver , directed by Curtis Hanson , and starring Eminem , Mekhi Phifer , Brittany Murphy , Michael Shannon , and Kim Basinger . Luis Edgardo Resto ( born July 22 , 1961 ) is an American musician , producer and keyboardist who has worked closely with rapper Eminem since his third major-label album "The Eminem Show" . He is of Puerto Rican descent , with both of his parents from Puerto Rico , and was raised in Detroit ( Garden City ) , Michigan . His career in recorded music began in the early 1980s in Detroit , with Michael Henderson and Was ( Not Was ) . He continued playing keyboards and co-writing songs for a wide variety of artists ( including many produced by Don Was ) , ranging from Anita Baker to Patti Smith to The Highwaymen to Vertical Horizon to Fuel , before beginning a prolific and lengthy collaboration with Eminem in 2001 . He has played the keyboard for several Eminem-produced tracks and is credited for additional production on most Eminem-produced tracks on "Encore" . Resto released his own solo LP titled "Combo De Momento" , and was released under his own imprint Resto World Music on May 18 , 2010 . He co-wrote the Oscar-winning song , "Lose Yourself" , featured in the movie "8 Mile" with Jeff Bass and Eminem .
Jehovah ( ) is a Latinization of the Hebrew , one vocalization of the Tetragrammaton ( YHWH ) , one of the seven proper names of the God of Israel in the Hebrew Bible . Pietro Colonna Galatino ( 1460 – 1540 ) , also known as Petrus Galatinus , was an Italian Friar Minor , philosopher , theologian and Orientalist . He is sometimes referred to as the "inventor" of the Latinized term Jehovah ; however , this is really not accurate . The pronuntiation "Jehovah" occurred as a result of mixing the Tetragrammaton "YHWH" with the vowels of "Adonai ," which the Jewish Masoretes had added to the Hebrew text to remind readers NOT to pronounce the Holy Name of God "YHWH" , but substitute , in reading , "Adonai" which means "Lord ."
Ganzhou ( ) , formerly romanized as Kanchow , is a prefecture-level city in southern Jiangxi , China , bordering Fujian to the east , Guangdong to the south , and Hunan to the west . Its administrative seat is at Zhanggong District . Its population was 8,361,447 at the 2010 census whom 1,977,253 in the built-up ( or "metro" ) area made of Zhanggong and Nankang , and Ganxian largely being urbanized . Jimo ( ) is a District of Qingdao , Shandong .
Rolf Martin Theodor Dahlgren ( 7 July 1932 – 14 February 1987 ) was a Swedish-Danish botanist , professor at the University of Copenhagen from 1973 to his death . The University of Copenhagen ( UCPH ) ( Danish : "Københavns Universitet" ) is the oldest university and research institution in Denmark . Founded in 1479 as a studium generale , it is the second oldest institution for higher education in Scandinavia after Uppsala University ( 1477 ) . The university has 23,473 undergraduate students , 17,398 postgraduate students , 2,968 doctoral students and over 9,000 employees . The university has four campuses located in and around Copenhagen , with the headquarters located in central Copenhagen . Most courses are taught in Danish ; however , many courses are also offered in English and a few in German . The university has several thousands of foreign students , about half of whom come from Nordic countries .
Basil Herbert Dean CBE ( 27 September 1888 – 22 April 1978 ) was an English actor , writer , film producer/film director and theatrical producer/director . He is perhaps best remembered for the Entertainments National Service Association or ENSA , an organisation set up in 1939 by Dean and Leslie Henson to provide entertainment for British armed forces personnel during World War II . Yuen Woo-ping ( ; born 1945 ) is a Chinese martial arts choreographer and film director , renowned as one of the most successful and influential figures in the world of Hong Kong action cinema . He is one of the inductees on the Avenue of Stars in Hong Kong . Yuen is also a son of Yuen Siu-tien , a renowned martial arts film actor .
Blue Dwarf is an unofficial Play-by-post role-playing game based in the fictional universe of the TV series Red Dwarf . It was originally set up in April 2000 by David Ball . A play-by-post role-playing game ( or sim ) is an online text-based role-playing game in which players interact with each other and a predefined environment via text . It is a subset of the online role-playing community which caters to both gamers and creative writers . Play-by-post games may be based on other role-playing games , non-game fiction including books , television and movies , or original settings . This activity is closely related to both interactive fiction and collaborative writing . Compared to other roleplaying game formats , this type tends to have the loosest rulesets .
Kevin Patrick Smith ( born August 2 , 1970 ) is an American filmmaker , actor , comic book writer , author , and podcaster . He came to prominence with the low-budget comedy film "Clerks" ( 1994 ) , which he wrote , directed , co-produced , and acted in as the character Silent Bob of stoner duo Jay and Silent Bob . Jay and Silent Bob have appeared in Smith 's follow-up films "Mallrats" , "Chasing Amy" , "Dogma" , and "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back" which were set primarily in his home state of New Jersey . While not strictly sequential , the films frequently featured crossover plot elements , character references , and a shared canon described by fans as the "View Askewniverse" , named after his production company View Askew Productions , which he co-founded with Scott Mosier . Jason Michael Lee ( born April 25 , 1970 ) is an American actor , producer and skateboarder . He is best known for his roles as Earl Hickey in the television comedy series "My Name Is Earl" , David Seville in the "Alvin and the Chipmunks" film franchise and the voice of Syndrome in "The Incredibles" . He is also known for his roles in Kevin Smith films such as "Mallrats" , "Chasing Amy" , "Dogma" , "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back" , "Jersey Girl" , "Clerks II" and "Cop Out" .
Aviron Bayonnais Football Club ( ] ; commonly referred to as simply Bayonne ) is a French association football club based in Bayonne . The club is a part of a sports club that was formed in 1904 that is also known for its rugby union club . The football club was founded in 1935 and currently play in the Championnat National 3 , the fifth level of French football . Bayonne plays its home matches at the Stade Didier Deschamps located in the city . It is named after Bayonne native , former youth player and the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000 winning captain Didier Deschamps , who also played for Marseille and Juventus . Didier Claude Deschamps ( ] ; born 15 October 1968 ) is a retired French footballer and current manager of the France national team . He played as a defensive midfielder for several clubs , in France , Italy , England and Spain , such as Marseille , Juventus , Chelsea and Valencia , as well as Nantes and Bordeaux . Nicknamed "the water-carrier" by former France team-mate Eric Cantona , Deschamps was an intelligent and hard-working defensive midfielder who excelled at winning back possession and subsequently starting attacking plays , and also stood out for his leadership throughout his career . As a French international , he was capped on 103 occasions and took part at three UEFA European Football Championships and one FIFA World Cup , captaining his nation to victories in the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000 .
Aurelia Frances Plath ( née Schober ; April 26 , 1906 – March 11 , 1994 ) was the wife of Otto Emil Plath , the mother of the American poet Sylvia Plath , and her brother Warren , and the grandmother of Frieda Rebecca Hughes and Nicholas Farrar Hughes . Nicholas Farrar Hughes ( January 17 , 1962 – March 16 , 2009 ) was a fisheries biologist known as an expert in stream salmonid ecology . Hughes was the son of the American poet Sylvia Plath and English poet Ted Hughes and the younger brother of artist and poet Frieda Hughes . He and his sister were well known to the public through the media when he was a small child , especially after the well-publicized suicide of his mother . Hughes held dual British/American citizenship .
David Lloyd Leisure is a British sports , health and leisure business that runs health clubs and gyms across Europe . The racquetball competition at the 1985 World Games took place from July 25 to August 4 in London , England . Thirty-eight players competed at David Lloyd 's Slazenger Racquet Club .
Albert Camus ( ] ; 7 November 1913 – 4 January 1960 ) was a French philosopher , author , and journalist . His views contributed to the rise of the philosophy known as absurdism . He wrote in his essay "The Rebel" that his whole life was devoted to opposing the philosophy of nihilism while still delving deeply into individual freedom . He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1957 . Henry Louis Mencken ( September 12 , 1880 – January 29 , 1956 ) was an American journalist , satirist , cultural critic and scholar of American English . Known as the "Sage of Baltimore" , he is regarded as one of the most influential American writers and prose stylists of the first half of the twentieth century . He commented widely on the social scene , literature , music , prominent politicians and contemporary movements . His satirical reporting on the Scopes trial , which he dubbed the "Monkey Trial" , also gained him attention .
James Metcalfe Campbell Bower ( born 22 November 1988 ) is an English actor , singer , and model . He is best known for his roles as Anthony Hope in "" , Caius in "The Twilight Saga" , King Arthur in the Starz series "Camelot" , the young Gellert Grindelwald in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" , and Jace Wayland in "" . As of 2017 , he portrays Elizabethan playwright Kit Marlowe in the TNT series "Will" . Will is an American drama television series about the ( fictional ) life of William Shakespeare in his early 20s . The series was ordered for a first season containing 10 episodes , on May 18 , 2016 , and premiered on TNT on July 10 , 2017 . It was originally ordered to series at Pivot in 2013 , but was never broadcast . The series premiered at 9:00pm EST , but after four weeks , was moved to 11:00pm . On September 5 , 2017 , "Will" was canceled after one season by TNT .
Jacques Audiard ( ] ; born 30 April 1952 ) is a French film director and screenwriter . He is the son of Michel Audiard , also a screenwriter and film director . Wolfgang Becker ( born 22 June 1954 ) is a German film director and writer . He is best known to the international audience for his work "Good Bye Lenin ! "( 2003 ) .
Ramanaidu Daggubati ( born 14 December 1984 ) , also known by his stage name Rana Daggubati or simply , Rana , is an Indian actor , producer , visual effects co-ordinator and photographer . He is known for his works in Telugu cinema , Tamil cinema and Hindi cinema . As a Visual Effects producer , Rana won the State Nandi Award for Best Special Effects in 2006 for the Telugu film "Sainikudu" starring Mahesh Babu . In 2006 , he received the National Film Award for co-producing "Bommalata – A Bellyful of Dreams ." Bangalore Naatkal ( English : "Bangalore Days" ) is a 2016 Indian Tamil comedy-drama film directed by Bommarillu Bhaskar , which is a remake of the 2014 Malayalam film "Bangalore Days" written and directed by Anjali Menon . Featuring an ensemble cast consisting of Arya , Bobby Simha and Sri Divya in the lead roles , it tells the story of three cousins who live their childhood dream of living and enjoying in the city of Bangalore . It also stars Rana Daggubati , Raai Laxmi , Parvathy and Samantha in other pivotal roles . Produced by Prasad V Potluri under his banner PVP cinema , the film released on 5 February 2016 . Unlike the original , this movie received mixed reviews and failed at the box office , with critics and fans drawing comparisons with the original .
Pokémon : Arceus and the Jewel of Life , originally released in Japan as Pocket Monsters Diamond & Pearl the Movie : Arceus : To Conquering Space-Time ( 劇場版ポケットモンスター ダイヤモンド & パール アルセウス 超克の時空へ , Gekijōban Poketto Monsutā Daiyamondo ando Pāru : Aruseusu Chōkoku no Jikū e ) , is a 2009 Japanese anime film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama . It is the twelfth Pokémon film and the third in the "Diamond & Pearl" trilogy . This film so far has earned US $ 50.2 million in Japan , making it the highest grossing animated film of the year in that country , beating "" and "" . The English language dub was aired on November 6 , 2009 , in Australia , November 20 , 2009 , in the United States in theaters and on Cartoon Network , on May 28 , 2010 , in the United Kingdom on Disney XD UK and The Spanish language dub was aired on Spain April 4 , 2010 , on Disney XD and Latin America on November 21 , 2010 , on Cartoon Network . This marks the first time that a Pokémon feature film has made its U.S. debut in the same year as its original Japanese release before the Japanese DVD release on December 18 , 2009 . The theme song of the film is "Kokoro no Antenna" by Shoko Nakagawa . Cartoon Network ( Pakistan ) aired the movie in August 2011 . Totally Spies ! The Movie ( known as Totally Spies ! Le film in France ) is a 2009 French/Canadian animated action comedy film . The film is an adaptation of the "Totally Spies ! "series and serves as its prequel , revealing how the girls first met and their first mission as Beverly Hills teenage secret agents . In 2010 , the film was broadcast in the United States and Canada on Cartoon Network and Teletoon respectively .
Lego ( ] ; stylized as LEGO ) is a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by The Lego Group , a privately held company based in Billund , Denmark . The company 's flagship product , Lego , consists of colourful interlocking plastic bricks accompanying an array of gears , figurines called minifigures , and various other parts . Lego pieces can be assembled and connected in many ways , to construct objects ; vehicles , buildings , and working robots . Anything constructed can then be taken apart again , and the pieces used to make other objects . GeekDad is a website covering multiple topics targeting fathers who categorize themselves as a "geek ." Popular categories include Lego , Star Wars & Star Trek , video games , books , and field trips . GeekDad also publishes a regular podcast covering items of interest to the website 's readers . The GeekDad blog was named one of the top ten best-written blogs for its in-depth explanations of difficult and intricate topics .
The Battle of Saint-Mihiel was a major World War I battle fought from 12–15 September 1918 , involving the American Expeditionary Force ( AEF ) and 110,000 French troops under the command of General John J. Pershing of the United States against German positions . The U.S. Army Air Service ( which later became the U.S. Air Force ) played a significant role in this action . General of the Armies John Joseph "Black Jack" Pershing ( September 13 , 1860 – July 15 , 1948 ) was a senior United States Army officer . His most famous post was when he served as the commander of the American Expeditionary Force ( AEF ) on the Western Front in World War I , 1917–18 .
Mashu , as described in the Epic of Gilgamesh of Mesopotamian mythology , is a great cedar mountain through which the hero-king Gilgamesh passes via a tunnel on his journey to Dilmun after leaving the Cedar Forest , a forest of ten thousand leagues span . Siduri , the Alewife , lived on the shore , associated with "the Waters of Death" that Gilgamesh had to cross to reach Utnapishtim , the far-away . Siduri is a character in the Epic of Gilgamesh . She is an "alewife" , a wise female divinity associated with fermentation ( specifically beer and wine ) .
King and the Clown ( , lit . "The King 's Man" ) is a 2005 South Korean historical drama film , starring Kam Woo-sung , Jung Jin-young and Lee Joon-gi . It was adapted from the 2000 stage play , "Yi" ( "You" ) about Yeonsangun of Joseon , a Joseon dynasty king and a court clown who mocks him . It was released on 29 December 2005 , runs for 119 minutes ; and distributed domestically by Cinema Service and internationally by CJ Entertainment . Kang Sung-yeon ( born July 21 , 1976 ) is a South Korean actress . Kang made her acting debut in 1996 through MBC 's Open Recruitment . Although her main profession was acting , she also contributed songs to several soundtracks and released two albums in 2001-2002 under the stage name Bobo . Then in 2005 , Kang rose to fame when she played Prince Yeonsan 's concubine Jang Nok-su in "King and the Clown" , a period film that drew 12.3 admissions , making it ( at the time ) the highest-grossing domestic film in Korean cinema history . Kang continued to star in television dramas such as "Let 's Get Married" ( 2005 ) , "New Wise Mother , Good Wife" ( 2007 ) , "Single Dad in Love" ( 2008 ) , "Tazza" ( 2008 ) , and "Wife Returns" ( 2009 ) . From 2012 to 2014 , she hosted her own poetry reading program on EBS Radio .
SS Ionic was a steam-powered ocean liner built in 1902 by Harland and Wolff in Belfast for the White Star Line . She was the second White Star Liner to be named "Ionic" and served on the United Kingdom – New Zealand route . Her sister ships were and SS "Corinthic" . Harland & Wolff Heavy Industries is a heavy industrial company , specialising in shipbuilding and offshore construction , located in Belfast , Northern Ireland . Harland & Wolff is famous for having built the majority of the ships intended for the White Star Line . Well known ships built by Harland & Wolff include the Olympic Class trio : , and RMS "Britannic" , the Royal Navy 's HMS "Belfast" , Royal Mail Line 's "Andes" , Shaw Savill 's "Southern Cross" , Union-Castle 's , and P & O 's "Canberra" . Harland and Wolff 's official history , "Shipbuilders to the World" , was published in 1986 .
Linda Lingle ( "née" Cutter ; June 4 , 1953 ) is an American politician , who was the sixth Governor of Hawaii from 2002 until 2010 . She was the first Republican elected governor of Hawaii since the departure of William F. Quinn in 1962 . Lingle was also the first female governor of Hawaii ; first Jewish governor of Hawaii ; first county mayor elected governor of Hawaii ; and the first governor of Hawaii not to have any children . Prior to her gubernatorial administration , Lingle served as Maui County mayor , council member , and chair of the Hawaii Republican Party . Hawaii Governor Linda Lingle has approved a number of energy-related bills to address climate change and promote local renewable energy production . The governor 's energy bill-signing streak started in late April 2008 with the approval of House Bill 2502 , which allows solar energy facilities to be located on less-productive agricultural lands , followed in late May by the approval of HB 3179 , which makes it easier for biofuel producers to lease state lands . In the same time frame , the governor approved SB 2034 , SB 3190 , and HB 2168 , which authorize special purpose revenue bonds to help finance a 2.7-megawatt wave energy facility off the coast of Maui , a solar energy facility on Oahu , and hydrogen generation and conversion facilities at the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority , located on the island of Hawaii .
Skeeter Reece is a clown/unicyclist from the Bronx , NY who began his performing career with the King Charles Troupe ( unicyclists who play basketball ) in Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus . Always having a love for comedy , he gravitated toward clowning . He applied and was accepted into the Ringling Clown College . He graduated with the Class of '77 , the last class of Bill Ballantine . Skeeter studied with Emmett Kelly , Lou Jacobs , Bobby Kaye , and Duane Thorpe . He was invited to clown with the Greatest Show on Earth . Red Skelton visited the show when he was performing , and told him that he was a great clown , which inspired him to keep going . Skeeter also taught at his alma mater in 1979 and 1980 . Emmett Leo Kelly ( December 9 , 1898March 28 , 1979 ) was an American circus performer , who created the memorable clown figure "Weary Willie" , based on the hobos of the Depression era .
The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino is a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , United States , on the site of the old Sands Hotel . Designed by KlingStubbins , the hotel tower contains 36 stories and rises 475 ft . The Venetian is owned and operated by Las Vegas Sands . The Venetian also serves as the seat of the corporate headquarters for its parent company . The Venetian Macao ( ) is a luxury hotel and casino resort in Macau owned by the American Las Vegas Sands company . The Venetian is a 39-story , casino hotel on the Cotai Strip in Macau . The 10500000 sqft Venetian Macao is modeled on its sister casino resort The Venetian Las Vegas , and is the seventh-largest building in the world by floor area . The Venetian Macao is also the largest casino in the world , and the largest single structure hotel building in Asia .
Craig Kilborn ( born August 24 , 1962 ) is an American comedian , sports and political commentator , and television host . He was the original host of "The Daily Show" , a former anchor on ESPN 's "SportsCenter" , and Tom Snyder 's successor on CBS ' "The Late Late Show" . On June 28 , 2010 , he launched "The Kilborn File" after a six-year absence from television . "The Kilborn File" aired on some Fox stations during a six-week trial run . In comedy , he is known for his deadpan delivery . The Late Late Show is an American late-night television talk and variety show on CBS . It first aired in January 1995 , with host Tom Snyder , followed by Craig Kilborn and Craig Ferguson . It is currently hosted by James Corden . The show originates from CBS Television City in Los Angeles .
General Motors pioneered the idea that consumers would aspire to buy up an automotive product ladder if a company met certain price points . As General Motors entered the 1920s , the product ladder started with the price leading Chevrolet marque , and then progressed upward in price , power and appointments to Oakland , Oldsmobile , Buick and ultimately to the luxury Cadillac marque . Chevrolet ( ) , colloquially referred to as Chevy and formally the Chevrolet Division of General Motors Company , is an American automobile division of the American manufacturer General Motors ( GM ) . Louis Chevrolet and ousted General Motors founder William C. Durant started the company on November 3 , 1911 as the Chevrolet Motor Car Company . Durant used the Chevrolet Motor Car Company to acquire a controlling stake in General Motors with a reverse merger occurring on May 2 , 1918 and propelled himself back to the GM presidency . After Durant 's second ousting in 1919 , Alfred Sloan , with his maxim "a car for every purse and purpose ," would pick the Chevrolet brand to become the volume leader in the General Motors family , selling mainstream vehicles to compete with Henry Ford 's Model T in 1919 and overtaking Ford as the best-selling car in the United States by 1929 .
Richard Aldington ( 8 July 1892 – 27 July 1962 ) , born Edward Godfree Aldington , was an English writer and poet . Marge Piercy ( born March 31 , 1936 ) is an American poet , novelist , and social activist . Her work includes "Woman on the Edge of Time" ; "He , She and It" , which won the 1993 Arthur C. Clarke Award ; and "Gone to Soldiers" , a New York Times Best Seller and sweeping historical novel set during World War II .
Bet365 Group Ltd ( styled as "bet365" ) is a gambling company based in the United Kingdom . Bet365 is one of the world 's leading online gambling groups with over 19 million customers in almost two hundred countries . The Group employs over 3,000 people and is the largest private employer in the city of Stoke-on-Trent . Denise Coates CBE ( born 26 September 1967 ) is an English businesswoman , founder and joint chief executive of online gambling company Bet365 . She has been listed in the "Forbes" magazine ’ s rich list , with an estimated personal fortune of $ 4.1 billion ( approximately £3.17 billion ) .
Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd. ( 株式会社スクウェア・エニックス・ホールディングス , Kabushiki gaisha Sukuwea Enikkusu Hōrudingusu ) is a Japanese video game developer , publisher , and distribution company that is best known for its role-playing video game franchises , which include "Final Fantasy" , "Dragon Quest" , and "Kingdom Hearts" . Several of its franchises have sold over 10 million copies , with the "Final Fantasy" franchise selling over 115 million , and the company as a whole made over ¥150 billion in revenue in fiscal year 2014 . The Square Enix headquarters are in the Shinjuku Eastside Square Building in Shinjuku , Tokyo . The company employs over 3800 employees worldwide . Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days ( キングダム ハーツ 358/2 Days , Kingudamu Hātsu Surī Faibu Eito Deizu Ōbā Tsū , subtitle read as "Three Five Eight Days Over Two" ) is an action role-playing video game developed by h.a.n.d . and Square Enix for the Nintendo DS . It is the fifth installment in the "Kingdom Hearts" series , and takes place near the end of "Kingdom Hearts" , continuing parallel to "" . The game was released worldwide in 2009 . The story is told from the perspective of Roxas , following his daily life within Organization XIII and his relationship with fellow Organization member Axel ; it also introduces a fourteenth member , Xion , who becomes friends with the former two .
Albert Einstein ( 14 March 1879 – 18 April 1955 ) was a German-born theoretical physicist . Einstein developed the theory of relativity , one of the two pillars of modern physics ( alongside quantum mechanics ) . Einstein 's work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science . Einstein is best known by the general public for his mass–energy equivalence formula "E" = "mc" ( which has been dubbed "the world 's most famous equation" ) . He received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his services to theoretical physics , and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect" , a pivotal step in the evolution of quantum theory . The Cosmic catastrophe is a thought experiment in which the sun were to instantaneously disappear . The question is what would then happen to the earth and the other planets orbiting the sun . According to Isaac Newton 's classical theory of gravity , the planets would immediately cease to move in circular motion , and due to inertia would start traveling in a straight line . Albert Einstein saw a deficiency in Newton 's theory . Due to the finiteness of the speed of light , it would take a certain amount of time before the darkness from the sun 's absence would reach the orbiting planet . Therefore , why would the planet instantaneously start traveling in a straight line before the arrival of information that the sun 's disappearance has occurred ?
The Southern Miss Golden Eagles football program represents the University of Southern Mississippi in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision . The Eagles are members of Conference USA and play their home games at M. M. Roberts Stadium in Hattiesburg , Mississippi . Phillip Wayne "Bear" Underwood ( October 16 , 1931 – February 4 , 2013 ) , known as P. W. Underwood , was an American gridiron football player and coach . He was the head coach of the Southern Miss Golden Eagles from 1969 to 1974 .
The Baltic Cup ( Estonian : "Balti turniir" , Latvian : "Baltijas kauss" , Lithuanian : "Baltijos taurė" ) is a football competition contested between the Baltic states of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania every two years . During the Soviet era , when all the nations were part of the Soviet Union , Belarus also took part in some of the competitions . The 1991 season was the 71st season of competitive football ( soccer ) in Estonia . After gaining independence from the Soviet Union in August 1991 the Estonia national football team were managed by Uno Piir . In November the team competed at the reinstated Baltic Cup against the two other Baltic nations , Latvia and Lithuania . The FIFA did not recognize the matches at the tournament as official games .
The NBA G League is the National Basketball Association 's official minor league basketball organization . The league was known as the National Basketball Development League ( NBDL ) from 2001 to 2005 , and the NBA Development League ( NBA D-League ) from 2005 until 2017 . The league started with eight teams until NBA commissioner David Stern announced a plan to expand the NBA D-League to fifteen teams and develop it into a true minor league farm system , with each NBA D-League team affiliated with one or more NBA teams in March 2005 . At the conclusion of the 2013–14 NBA season , 33 % of NBA players had spent time in the NBA D-League , up from 23 % in 2011 . As of the 2017–18 season , the league consists of 26 teams , all of which are either single-affiliated or owned by an NBA team . Kadeem Jack ( born October 27 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA G League . He played college basketball for Rutgers .
Gregor "Gore" Verbinski ( born March 16 , 1964 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer and musician . He is best known for directing the first three films of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" film saga , "The Ring" , and "Rango" . Verbinski is a graduate of UCLA School of Theater , Film and Television . His most recent film , "A Cure for Wellness" , was released in 2017 . Verbinski won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature in 2012 for his animated action-comedy western "Rango" . John David Landis ( born August 3 , 1950 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , actor , and producer . He is best known for the comedy films that he has directed such as "National Lampoon 's Animal House" ( 1978 ) , "The Blues Brothers" ( 1980 ) , "An American Werewolf in London" ( 1981 ) , "Trading Places" ( 1983 ) , "¡Three Amigos ! "( 1986 ) , "Coming to America" ( 1988 ) and "Beverly Hills Cop III" ( 1994 ) , and for directing Michael Jackson 's music videos for "Thriller" ( 1983 ) and "Black or White" ( 1991 ) .
Andries Jonker ( ] , 22 September 1962 ) is a Dutch former footballer . He last managed VfL Wolfsburg . Arsenal Football Club Academy is the youth team setup of Arsenal Football Club based in Hale End , London , England . The academy plays within the Professional Development League , the highest level of youth football in England . The club as well features within the FA Youth Cup and the UEFA Youth League tourneys . Ascending from the academy has been players such as David Rocastle , Liam Brady , John Radford , Terry Neill and Pat Rice . As well footballers in the like of David O'Leary , Hector Bellerin and Charlie George have also emanated from Hale End . The Netherland 's Andries Jonker was in prior the head of the academy with Englishman Luke Hobbs now at the helm .
William James Crowe Jr. ( January 2 , 1925October 18 , 2007 ) was a United States Navy admiral who served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush , and as the ambassador to the United Kingdom under President Bill Clinton . David Chanoff is a noted author of non-fiction work . His work has typically involved collaborations with the principal protagonist of the work concerned . His collaborators have included ; Augustus A . White , Joycelyn Elders , Đoàn Văn Toại , William J. Crowe , Ariel Sharon and Kenneth Good . He has also written about a wide range of subjects including literary history , education and foreign for the Washington Post , and The New Republic and the New York Times Magazine . He has more than twelve books .
Andries Jonker ( ] , 22 September 1962 ) is a Dutch former footballer . He last managed VfL Wolfsburg . Arsenal Football Club Academy is the youth team setup of Arsenal Football Club based in Hale End , London , England . The academy plays within the Professional Development League , the highest level of youth football in England . The club as well features within the FA Youth Cup and the UEFA Youth League tourneys . Ascending from the academy has been players such as David Rocastle , Liam Brady , John Radford , Terry Neill and Pat Rice . As well footballers in the like of David O'Leary , Hector Bellerin and Charlie George have also emanated from Hale End . The Netherland 's Andries Jonker was in prior the head of the academy with Englishman Luke Hobbs now at the helm .
Blue Ridge Assembly Historic District is a national historic district located near Black Mountain , Buncombe County , North Carolina . The district encompasses 29 contributing buildings and 1 contributing object associated with the Blue Ridge Assembly , conference center of the Young Men 's Christian Association . The main building is Eureka Hall ( originally named Robert E. Lee Hall , but renamed in 2015 ) designed by Louis E. Jallade . It was built in 1911-1912 , and is a three-story , seven bay , frame building with a full-height octastyle portico . Also located on the large central courtyard are the Gymnasium ( c. 1915 ) , Asheville Hall ( 1926 ) , Abbott Hall ( 1927 ) , and College Hall ( c. 1928 ) . Other notable buildings include the Martha Washington Residence ( c. 1914 ) , Craft and Child Care Center ( c. 1925 ) , and 19 frame cottages ( 1913-1927 ) . Black Mountain College was founded here in 1933 and operated on the site until 1941 . Black Mountain College , a school founded in 1933 in Black Mountain , North Carolina ( near Asheville , North Carolina ) , emphasized the study of art as central to a liberal arts education . It was organized around John Dewey 's principles of education . Many of the school 's faculty were influential in the arts or other fields , or went on to become influential , as did their students . Although notable during its short life , the school closed in 1957 after 24 years . The history and legacy of Black Mountain College are preserved and extended through Black Mountain College Museum + Arts Center , in downtown Asheville , NC .
She-crab soup is a rich soup , similar to bisque , made of milk or heavy cream , crab or fish stock , Atlantic blue crab meat , and ( traditionally ) crab roe , and a small amount of dry sherry added as it is plated . It may be thickened either by heat reduction or with a purée of boiled rice ; it may also include such seasonings as mace and shallots or onions . The soup is a regional specialty from Tidewater , Virginia , the South Carolina Lowcountry and Georgia coast . It is commonly featured on the menus of many Charleston , South Carolina and Savannah , Georgia restaurants . The Tidewater region is a geographic area of southeast Virginia and northeastern North Carolina , part of the Atlantic coastal plain in the United States of America . Portions of Maryland facing the Chesapeake Bay are also given this designation . The area gains its name because of the effects of the changing tides on local rivers , sounds , and the ocean . The area is generally flat and low and composed of tidal marsh and large expanses of swamp . Much of the area is covered with pocosin and the higher areas are used for agricultural farmlands . Geographically , in North Carolina and Virginia the Tidewater area is the land between the Suffolk Scarp and the Atlantic Ocean . The Hampton Roads area of Virginia is considered to be in the Tidewater . Extreme Southern Maryland and parts of the lower Eastern Shore round out the northern fringe of the region on the Chesapeake Bay .
WND ( WorldNetDaily ) is a politically conservative American news and opinion website and online news aggregator . WND has drawn controversy for its promotion of conspiracy theories , including ones about Barack Obama 's citizenship , and is considered to be a far right fringe website . Laura Mansfield is the pseudonym for an American author specializing in counter-terrorism , the Middle East , Islam , and Islamic terrorism . She is the former Associate Director of the Northeast Intelligence Network . Mansfield writes for various online publications including WorldNetDaily and FrontPageMag .
The Uninvited is a 2009 American psychological horror film directed by the Guard Brothers , and starring Emily Browning , Elizabeth Banks , Arielle Kebbel and David Strathairn . It is a remake of the 2003 South Korean K-Horror film "A Tale of Two Sisters" , which is in turn one of several film adaptations of the Korean folk tale Janghwa Hongryeon jeon . The film received mixed reviews . The Guard Brothers are Charles and Thomas Guard , the British born sons of Howard Guard . They both work in the film industry and have collaborated as co-directors on "Inside-Out" , a 1999 short , "Round About Five" , a 2005 short , and "The Uninvited" , a 2009 feature-length horror film . Individually they have made significant contributions to many other film projects including production , writing and camera work .
Beamus Pierce aka Eagle Feather was a professional football player who played in the National Football League during the 1922 and 1923 seasons . He played college football at the Carlisle Indian School , located in Carlisle , Pennsylvania , before joining the NFL 's Oorang Indians . The Indians were a team based in LaRue , Ohio , composed only of Native Americans , and coached by Jim Thorpe . Eagle Feather was a Mohican . James Francis Thorpe ( Sac and Fox ( Sauk ) : "Wa-Tho-Huk" , translated as "Bright Path" ; May 22 or 28 , 1887March 28 , 1953 ) was an American athlete and Olympic gold medalist . A member of the Sac and Fox Nation , Thorpe became the first Native American to win a gold medal for his home country . Considered one of the most versatile athletes of modern sports , he won Olympic gold medals in the 1912 pentathlon and decathlon , and played American football ( collegiate and professional ) , professional baseball , and basketball . He lost his Olympic titles after it was found he had been paid for playing two seasons of semi-professional baseball before competing in the Olympics , thus violating the amateurism rules that were then in place . In 1983 , 30 years after his death , the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) restored his Olympic medals .
Barbara Albert ( born 1970 in Vienna ) is an Austrian writer , film-producer and film-director . John Richard Schlesinger , CBE ( ; 16 February 1926 – 25 July 2003 ) was an English film and stage director , and actor . He won an Academy Award for Best Director for "Midnight Cowboy" , and was nominated for two other films ( "Darling" and "Sunday Bloody Sunday" ) .
Joseph Roth , born Moses Joseph Roth ( 2 September 1894 – 27 May 1939 ) , was an Austrian-Jewish journalist and novelist , best known for his family saga "Radetzky March" ( 1932 ) , about the decline and fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire , his novel of Jewish life , "Job" ( 1930 ) , and his seminal essay "Juden auf Wanderschaft" ( 1927 ; translated into English in "The Wandering Jews" ) , a fragmented account of the Jewish migrations from eastern to western Europe in the aftermath of World War I and the Russian Revolution . In the 21st century , publications in English of "Radetzky March" and of collections of his journalism from Berlin and Paris created a revival of interest in Roth . What I Saw : Reports from Berlin , 1920-1933 is a book of reportage by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth from the era of the Weimar Republic . The selection of pieces from Roth 's large journalistic output was made by Michael Bienert and published in German in 1996 . The English translation with the present title was made by Michael Hofmann and appeared in 2003 .
Darci Kistler ( born June 4 , 1964 ) is a noted American ballerina . She is often said to be the last muse for the choreographer , George Balanchine . The Nutcracker , also known as George Balanchine 's The Nutcracker , is a 1993 American Christmas musical film directed by Emile Ardolino . The film stars Darci Kistler , Damian Woetzel , Kyra Nichols , Macaulay Culkin Wendy Whelan , Margaret Tracey , Gen Horiuchi and Tom Gold . The film was released by Warner Bros. on 24 November , 1993 .
Pete Dexter ( born July 22 , 1943 ) is an American novelist . Eliezer "Elie" Wiesel KBE ( , Yiddish : אליעזר ויזל‎ , "Elyezer Vizel" ; September 30 , 1928 – July 2 , 2016 ) was a Romanian-born American Jewish writer , professor , political activist , Nobel Laureate and Holocaust survivor . He was the author of 57 books , written mostly in French and English , including "Night" , a work based on his experiences as a prisoner in the Auschwitz and Buchenwald concentration camps .
Tierra del Fuego—literally "Land of the Fire" , formerly "Isla de Xativa" and also known as Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego—is an island near the southern tip of South America from which it is separated by the Strait of Magellan . The western portion ( 61.43 % ) of the island ( 29,484.7 km2 ) is in Chile ( Province of Tierra del Fuego and Antártica Chilena Province ) , while the eastern portion ( 38.57 % , 18,507.3 km2 ) is in Argentina ( Tierra del Fuego Province ) . It forms the major landmass in an extended group of islands or archipelago also known as Tierra del Fuego . Marinelli Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park , Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego . The glacier spills out from the backbone of the Cordillera Darwin and calves into Ainsworth Bay , an embayment of the Almirantazgo Fjord . The Marinelli Glacier is in a state of retreat , beginning at least as early as 1960 and continuing to the present time .
"The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase" is the twenty-fourth episode of the eighth season of "The Simpsons" . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 11 , 1997 . The episode centers on fictional pilot episodes of non-existent television series derived from "The Simpsons" , and is a parody of the tendency of networks to spin off characters from a hit series . As such it includes references to many different TV series . The first fictional spin-off is "Chief Wiggum P.I . ", a cop-drama featuring Chief Wiggum and Seymour Skinner . The second is "The Love-matic Grampa" , a sitcom featuring Moe Szyslak who receives dating advice from Abraham Simpson , whose ghost is possessing a love testing machine . The final segment is "The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour" , a variety show featuring the Simpson family except for Lisa , who has been replaced . Troy McClure is a fictional character from the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons" . He was voiced by Phil Hartman and first appeared in the second season episode "Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment" . McClure is usually shown doing low-level work , such as hosting infomercials and educational films . He appears as the main character in "A Fish Called Selma" , in which he marries Selma Bouvier to aid his failing career and quash rumors about his personal life . McClure also 'hosts ' "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" and "The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase" .
Ishmael Scott Reed ( born February 22 , 1938 ) is an American poet , novelist , essayist , songwriter , playwright , editor and publisher , who is known for his satirical works challenging American political culture . Joseph John Campbell ( March 26 , 1904 – October 30 , 1987 ) was an American mythologist , writer , and lecturer , best known for his work in comparative mythology and comparative religion . His work covers many aspects of the human experience . Campbell 's "magnum opus" is his book "The Hero with a Thousand Faces" ( 1949 ) , in which he discusses his theory of the journey of the archetypal hero found in world mythologies . Since the book 's publication , Campbell 's theory has been consciously applied by a wide variety of modern writers and artists . His philosophy has been summarized by his own often repeated phrase : "Follow your bliss ."
Underground Atlanta was a shopping and entertainment district in the Five Points neighborhood of downtown Atlanta , Georgia , United States , near the Five Points MARTA station . First opened in 1969 , it takes advantage of the viaducts built over the city 's many railroad tracks to accommodate later automobile traffic . Each level has two main halls , still called Upper and Lower Alabama and Pryor Streets . The Atlanta Zero Mile Post is a stone marker which marked the terminus of the Western and Atlantic Railroad in Atlanta . It is approximately 1 foot wide on each side and 42 inches tall . It is inscribed on one side with the text "W & A RR 138" and on another side , "W & A RR OO" . It is located in the basement of a disused building in Downtown Atlanta , within the Underground Atlanta Historic District , under the Central Ave. viaduct , between Alabama and Wall streets .
Mortdecai is a 2015 American action comedy film directed by David Koepp and written by Eric Aronson . The film is adapted from the novel series "Mortdecai" ( specifically its first installment "Do n't Point that Thing at Me" ) written by Kyril Bonfiglioli . It stars Johnny Depp in the title role and also features Gwyneth Paltrow , Ewan McGregor , Olivia Munn , Paul Bettany and Jeff Goldblum . Released by Lionsgate on January 23 , 2015 , "Mortdecai" was a box office bomb , grossing $ 47 million against its $ 60 million budget , and received overwhelmingly negative reviews . Lisa Olivia Munn ( born July 3 , 1980 ) is an American actress and model . She was credited as Lisa Munn in her early career , but since 2006 , she has used the name Olivia Munn .
The University of Zurich ( UZH , German : "Universität Zürich" ) , located in the city of Zürich , is the largest university in Switzerland , with over 26,000 students . It was founded in 1833 from the existing colleges of theology , law , medicine and a new faculty of philosophy . Eduard Schweizer ( 1913-2006 ) was a Swiss New Testament scholar who taught at the University of Zurich for an extended period . He won the Burkitt Medal for Biblical Studies in 1996 .
The Carlyle Group is an American multinational private equity , alternative asset management and financial services corporation . As one of the largest private equity and alternative investment firms in the world , Carlyle specializes in four key business areas : corporate private equity , real assets , global market strategies , and investment solutions . Adena T. Friedman ( born 1969 ) is an American businessperson . She currently serves as the president and CEO of Nasdaq . She was formerly the managing director and CFO of The Carlyle Group . In May 2014 , it was announced that Friedman would return to NASDAQ OMX as the president of global corporate and information technology solutions . In November 2016 , she was named the CEO of NASDAQ .
The University of Debrecen ( Hungarian : "Debreceni Egyetem" ) is a university located in Debrecen , Hungary . It is the oldest continuously operating institution of higher education in Hungary ( since 1538 ) . The university has a well established programme in the English language for international students , particularly in the Medical field , which first established education in English in 1986 . There are nearly 4000 international students studying at the university . Mehran University of Engineering and Technology ( Often referred as Mehran University or MUET ) is a public research university located in Jamshoro , Sindh , Pakistan focused on STEM education .
Edward Davis Wood Jr. ( October 10 , 1924 – December 10 , 1978 ) was an American filmmaker , actor , writer , producer , and director . Scott Derrickson ( born July 16 , 1966 ) is an American director , screenwriter and producer . He lives in Los Angeles , California . He is best known for directing horror films such as "Sinister" , "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" , and "Deliver Us From Evil" , as well as the 2016 Marvel Cinematic Universe installment , "Doctor Strange ."
Albert Camus ( ] ; 7 November 1913 – 4 January 1960 ) was a French philosopher , author , and journalist . His views contributed to the rise of the philosophy known as absurdism . He wrote in his essay "The Rebel" that his whole life was devoted to opposing the philosophy of nihilism while still delving deeply into individual freedom . He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1957 . Henry Louis Mencken ( September 12 , 1880 – January 29 , 1956 ) was an American journalist , satirist , cultural critic and scholar of American English . Known as the "Sage of Baltimore" , he is regarded as one of the most influential American writers and prose stylists of the first half of the twentieth century . He commented widely on the social scene , literature , music , prominent politicians and contemporary movements . His satirical reporting on the Scopes trial , which he dubbed the "Monkey Trial" , also gained him attention .
"Bart Sells His Soul" is the fourth episode of "The Simpsons" < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > seventh season . It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 8 , 1995 . In the episode , while being punished for playing a prank at church , Bart declares that there is no such thing as a soul and to prove it he sells his to Milhouse for $ 5 in the form of a piece of paper with "Bart Simpson 's soul" written on it . Lisa warns that Bart will regret this decision , and Bart soon experiences strange changes in his life . Thinking he has really lost his soul , he becomes desperate to get it back . Lisa eventually obtains it and returns it to a relieved Bart . Religion is one of many recurring themes on the American animated television series "The Simpsons" . Much of the series ' religious humor satirizes aspects of Christianity and religion in general . However , some episodes , such as "Bart Sells His Soul" and "Alone Again , Natura-Diddily" , can be interpreted as having a spiritual theme . The show has been both praised and criticized by atheists , agnostics , liberals , conservatives and religious people in general for its portrayal of faith and religion in society . The show can function as a mediator of biblical literacy among younger generations of irreligious viewers .
Monkeypox virus ( MPV ) is a double-stranded DNA , zoonotic virus and a species of the genus "Orthopoxvirus" in the family Poxviridae . It is one of the human orthopoxviruses that includes variola ( VARV ) , cowpox ( CPX ) , and vaccinia ( VACV ) viruses . But it is not a direct ancestor to , nor a direct descendent of , the variola virus which causes smallpox . The monkeypox virus causes a disease that is similar to smallpox , but with a milder rash and lower death rate . Variation in virulence of the virus has been observed in isolates from Central Africa where strains are more virulent than those from Western Africa . Cowpox is an infectious disease caused by the cowpox virus . The virus , part of the orthopoxvirus family , is closely related to the "vaccinia" virus . The virus is zoonotic , meaning that it is transferable between species , such as from animal to human . The transferral of the disease was first observed in dairymaids who touched the udders of infected cows and consequently developed the signature pustules on their hands . Cowpox is more commonly found in animals other than bovines , such as rodents . Cowpox is similar to , but much milder than , the highly contagious and often deadly smallpox disease . Its close resemblance to the mild form of smallpox and the observation that dairymaids were immune from smallpox inspired the first smallpox vaccine , created and administered by English physician Edward Jenner .
Reno–Tahoe International Airport ( IATA : RNO , ICAO : KRNO , FAA LID : RNO ) is a public and military use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) southeast of downtown Reno , in Washoe County , Nevada . It is the state 's second busiest commercial airport after McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas . The Nevada Air National Guard has the 152nd Airlift Wing southwest of the airport 's main terminal . It is named after Jesse L. Reno and Lake Tahoe . Jesse Lee Reno ( April 20 , 1823 – September 14 , 1862 ) was a career United States Army officer who served in the Mexican–American War , the Utah War , the western frontier , and as a Union General during the American Civil War . Known as a "soldier 's soldier" who fought alongside his men , he was killed while commanding a corps at Fox 's Gap during the Battle of South Mountain . Reno County , Kansas , El Reno , Oklahoma , Reno , Nevada , Reno , Pennsylvania and Fort Reno in Washington , D.C. were named after him .
Vestfold ] is a county in Norway , bordering Buskerud and Telemark . The county administration is in Tønsberg , and the largest city is Sandefjord . With the exception of Oslo county , Vestfold is the smallest county in Norway by area . Telemark ] is a county in Norway , bordering Vestfold , Buskerud , Hordaland , Rogaland and Aust-Agder . The county administration is in Skien . Until 1919 the county was known as "Bratsberg amt" .
Pumping Iron is a 1977 docudrama about the world of professional bodybuilding , with a focus on the 1975 IFBB Mr. Universe and 1975 Mr. Olympia competitions . Directed by George Butler and Robert Fiore , it is inspired by a book of the same name by Butler and Charles Gaines , and nominally centers on the competition between Arnold Schwarzenegger and one of his primary competitors for the title of Mr. Olympia , Lou Ferrigno . The film also features segments on bodybuilders Franco Columbu and Mike Katz , in addition to appearances by Ken Waller , Ed Corney , Serge Nubret , and other famous bodybuilders of the era . Gasland is a 2010 American documentary written and directed by Josh Fox . Nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary in 2011 , the film focuses on communities in the United States affected by natural gas drilling and , specifically , a method of horizontal drilling into shale formations known as hydraulic fracturing . The film was a key mobilizer for the anti-fracking movement , and "brought the term 'hydraulic fracturing ' into the nation 's living rooms" according to "The New York Times" . The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature .
Pennsylvania ( Pennsylvania German : "Pennsylvaani" or "Pennsilfaani" ) , officially the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , is a state located in the northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States . The Appalachian Mountains run through its middle . The Commonwealth borders Delaware to the southeast , Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , Lake Erie and the Canadian province of Ontario to the northwest , New York to the north , and New Jersey to the east . John Roger Kirkpatrick Scott ( July 6 , 1873 – December 9 , 1945 ) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania .
Keld Tande Bordinggard ( born November 22 , 1962 ) is a Danish former football ( soccer ) player . He was the head coach of the Danish national under-21 team from July 2006 until the U21 European Championship in June 2011 . As a player , he most notably played professionally for Danish clubs Odense Boldklub and Silkeborg IF , both with whom he won the Danish football championship . Keld Bordinggaard played four games for the Danish national team from 1983 to 1990 . Odense Boldklub ( also known as Odense BK or the more commonly used OB ) is a Danish professional football club based in the city Odense . The club has won three Danish championships and five Danish Cup trophies . OB play in the Danish Superliga and their home field is EWII Park in Odense on Funen . OB 's clubhouse is located in Ådalen near Odense River .
Robert Burgess Aldrich ( August 9 , 1918 – December 5 , 1983 ) was an American film director , writer and producer , notable for such films as "Vera Cruz" ( 1954 ) , "Kiss Me Deadly" ( 1955 ) , "The Big Knife" ( 1955 ) , "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? "( 1962 ) , "Hush… Hush , Sweet Charlotte" ( 1964 ) , "The Flight of the Phoenix" ( 1965 ) , "The Dirty Dozen" ( 1967 ) and "The Longest Yard" ( 1974 ) . World for Ransom is a 1954 film noir drama film directed by Robert Aldrich , who was uncredited for his work .
Plateau is a two-player abstract strategy board game invented by Jim Albea . Colt Express is a railway-themed family board game designed by Christophe Raimbault , Illustrated by Ian Parovel and Jordi Valbuena , published in 2014 by Ludonaute and distributed by Asmodee .
Vixen ( Mari Jiwe McCabe ) is a comic book character created by Gerry Conway and Bob Oksner . She first appeared in "Action Comics" # 521 ( July 1981 ) , published by DC Comics . The Arrowverse is a shared fictional universe that is centered on television series airing on The CW , developed by Greg Berlanti , Marc Guggenheim , Andrew Kreisberg , Phil Klemmer , and Geoff Johns , based on characters appearing in publications by DC Comics . The shared universe , much like the DC Universe in comic books or the cinematic DC Extended Universe , was established by crossing over common plot elements , settings , cast , and characters . The Arrowverse stars Stephen Amell as Oliver Queen / Green Arrow , Grant Gustin as Barry Allen / Flash , Megalyn Echikunwoke as Mari Jiwe McCabe / Vixen , with an ensemble cast leading "Legends of Tomorrow" , including Arthur Darvill as Rip Hunter , Caity Lotz as Sara Lance / White Canary , Brandon Routh as Ray Palmer / Atom , Dominic Purcell as Mick Rory / Heat Wave , with Victor Garber and Franz Drameh as Martin Stein & Jefferson "Jax" Jackson / Firestorm . Russell Tovey stars as Ray Terrill / The Ray .
Michael Cunningham ( born November 6 , 1952 ) is a U.S. novelist and screenwriter . He is best known for his 1998 novel "The Hours" , which won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the PEN/Faulkner Award in 1999 . Cunningham is a senior lecturer of creative writing at Yale University . Isaac Asimov ( ; born Isaak Ozimov ; January 2 , 1920 – April 6 , 1992 ) was a Russian-American writer and professor of biochemistry at Boston University . He was known for his works of science fiction and popular science . Asimov was a prolific writer , and wrote or edited more than 500 books and an estimated 90,000 letters and postcards . His books have been published in 9 of the 10 major categories of the Dewey Decimal Classification .
An Irish pub is an establishment licensed to serve alcoholic drinks for consumption on the premises . They are characterised by a unique culture centred around a casual and friendly atmosphere , hearty food and drink , Irish sports , and traditional Irish music . Their widespread appeal has led to the Irish pub theme spreading around the world . "Gleanntáin Ghlas ' Ghaoth Dobhair" is a song in the Irish language written by Irish musician Proinsias Ó Maonaigh ( father of Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh of Altan ) about his hometown of Gaoth Dobhair in County Donegal . It translates as "" the green glens of Gweedore"" . The song is one of the well-known Irish language songs of Ireland and it can be heard in many Irish pubs around the world .
The Kanni , which means maiden , is a rare indigenous South Indian sighthound breed of dog found in the state of Tamil Nadu . The breed is used mainly for coursing game . The Chinese Chongqing Dog is a rare breed of dog native to the Chongqing city of China . In its early years , it was used for hunting wild boar and rabbits , but it 's now used in China to protect families and belongings . They are an ancient , natural breed said to have existed for 2,000 years since the time of the Han Dynasty in Ancient China . After the establishment of the People 's Republic of China in 1949 , the breed 's numbers were greatly reduced , and only people in rural communities still kept it ; the breed is still rare , even in China .
Alexander Butler was a British film director who made over sixty features and short films during the 1910s and 1920s including many for G.B . Samuelson 's production company . Butler directed several British films in Hollywood in 1920 , where Samuelson had made an arrangement with Universal Pictures . Amongst his notable films are the Sherlock Holmes adaptation "The Valley of Fear" ( 1916 ) and the early British horror film "The Beetle" ( 1919 ) . Andy Warhol ( ; born Andrew Warhola ; August 6 , 1928 – February 22 , 1987 ) was an American artist , director and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art . His works explore the relationship between artistic expression , celebrity culture , and advertising that flourished by the 1960s , and span a variety of media , including painting , silkscreening , photography , film , and sculpture . Some of his best known works include the silkscreen paintings "Campbell 's Soup Cans" ( 1962 ) and "Marilyn Diptych" ( 1962 ) , the experimental film "Chelsea Girls" ( 1966 ) , and the multimedia events known as the "Exploding Plastic Inevitable" ( 1966–67 ) .
The Visigoths ( ; ; Latin : "Visigothi" , "Wisigothi" , "Vesi" , "Visi" , "Wesi" , or "Wisi" ; Italian : "Visigoti" ) were the western branches of the nomadic tribes of Germanic peoples referred to collectively as the Goths . These tribes flourished and spread throughout the late Roman Empire in Late Antiquity , or what is known as the Migration Period . The Visigoths emerged from earlier Gothic groups ( possibly the Thervingi ) who had invaded the Roman Empire beginning in 376 and had defeated the Romans at the Battle of Adrianople in 378 . Relations between the Romans and the Visigoths were variable , alternately warring with one another and making treaties when convenient . The Visigoths invaded Italy under Alaric I and sacked Rome in 410 . After the Visigoths sacked Rome , they began settling down , first in southern Gaul and eventually in Spain and Portugal , where they founded the Visigothic Kingdom and maintained a presence from the 5th to the 8th centuries AD . The Battle of the Catalaunian Plains ( or Fields ) , also called the Battle of the Campus Mauriacus , Battle of Châlons or the Battle of Maurica , took place on June 20 , 451 AD , between a coalition led by the Roman general Flavius Aetius and the Visigothic king Theodoric I against the Huns and their vassals commanded by their king Attila . It was one of the last major military operations of the Western Roman Empire , although Germanic foederati composed the majority of the coalition army . Whether the battle was strategically conclusive is disputed : The Romans stopped the Huns ' attempt to establish vassals in Roman Gaul , and installed Merovech as king of the Franks . However , the Huns successfully looted and pillaged much of Gaul and crippled the military capacity of the Romans and Visigoths . The Hunnic Empire was later dismantled by a coalition of their Germanic vassals at the Battle of Nedao in 454 .
Michael Rispoli ( born November 27 , 1960 ) is an American character actor . He was in the cast of the HBO television series "The Sopranos" as Jackie Aprile , Sr. Rispoli reunited with "Sopranos" co-star James Gandolfini in the 2009 thriller "The Taking of Pelham 123" . Rispoli was a contender for the role of Tony Soprano that ultimately went to Gandolfini . The Taking of Pelham 123 is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Tony Scott , and starring Denzel Washington and John Travolta . It is a film adaptation of the novel by Morton Freedgood ( writing under the pseudonym John Godey ) , and is a remake of the original 1974 film adaptation , which was also remade in 1998 as a TV film . Production began in March 2008 , and it was released on June 12 , 2009 .
The 1945 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the South Melbourne Football Club and Carlton Football Club , held at Princes Park in Melbourne on 29 September 1945 . It was the 49th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League , staged to determine the premiers for the 1945 VFL season . The match , attended by 62,986 spectators , was won by Carlton by a margin of 28 points , marking that club 's seventh premiership victory . The game is well remembered for its extremely rough and violent nature , and has commonly been referred to as The Bloodbath . William Herbert 'Billy ' King ( 17 August 1920 – 23 August 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the VFL during the 1940s . King , who started his career at South Melbourne in 1940 , was recruited from Ascot Vale . Primarily a wingman , he participated in the famous 1945 'Bloodbath ' Grand Final which South Melbourne lost to Carlton . In 1947 he represented Victoria at the Hobart Carnival and was selected in the 'Sporting Life ' Team of the Year .
The Russian Revolution was a pair of revolutions in Russia in 1917 which dismantled the Tsarist autocracy and led to the rise of the Soviet Union . The Russian Empire collapsed with the abdication of Emperor Nicholas II and the old regime was replaced by a provisional government during the first revolution of February 1917 ( March in the Gregorian calendar ; the older Julian calendar was in use in Russia at the time ) . Alongside it arose grassroots community assemblies ( called 'soviets ' ) which contended for authority . In the second revolution that October , the Provisional Government was toppled and all power was given to the soviets . The Russia–United Kingdom relations ( Russian : Российско-британские отношения ) is the relationship between the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and it 's overseas territories . Spanning nearly five centuries , it has often switched from a state of alliance to rivalry or even war . The Russians and British were allies against Napoleon , and enemies in the Crimean War of the 1850s , and rivals in the Great Game for control of central Asia in the late 19th century . They were allies again in World Wars I and II , although relations were strained by the Russian Revolution of 1917 . They were at sword 's point during the Cold War ( 1947–91 ) . Russian big businesses had strong connections with the City of London and British corporations during the late 1990s and 2000s .
Angola , officially the Republic of Angola ( Portuguese : "República de Angola" ] ; Kikongo , Kimbundu and Umbundu : "Repubilika ya Ngola" ) , is a country in Southern Africa . It is the seventh-largest country in Africa and is bordered by Namibia to the south , the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north , Zambia to the east , and the Atlantic Ocean to west . The exclave province of Cabinda has borders with the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The capital and largest city of Angola is Luanda . Soyo ( formerly known as Santo António do Zaire ) is a city located in the province of Zaire in Angola , at the mouth of the Congo river . Soyo recently became the largest oil-producing region in the country , with an estimate of 1200000 oilbbl/d .
Annie Caputo is an American political advisor and government official . Currently serving as senior policy advisor for Chairman John Barrasso ( R-WY ) on the United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works , she is President Donald Trump 's nominee to become a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the remainder of a five-year term expiring on June 30 , 2021 . Donald John Trump ( born June 14 , 1946 ) is the 45th and current President of the United States , in office since January 20 , 2017 . Before entering politics , he was a businessman and television personality .
John Kirby ( December 31 , 1908 – June 14 , 1952 ) , was a jazz double-bassist who also played trombone and tuba . In addition to sideman work ( prominently with Benny Goodman ) , Kirby is remembered for leading a successful chamber jazz sextet in the late 1930s and early 1940s , which scored several hit songs including "Loch Lomond" and the debut recording of "Undecided" , a jazz standard . "The Bonnie Banks o ' Loch Lomond" , or simply "Loch Lomond" for short , is a well-known traditional Scottish song ( Roud No . 9598 ) first published in 1841 in "Vocal Melodies of Scotland" . The song prominently features Loch Lomond , the largest Scottish loch , located between the counties of Dunbartonshire and Stirlingshire . In Scotland , the song is often the final piece of music played during an evening of revelry ( a dance party or dinner , etc . ) .
James FitzJames , 1st Duke of Berwick , 1st Duke of Fitz-James , 1st Duke of Liria and Jérica ( 21 August 1670 – 12 June 1734 ) was an Anglo-French military leader , illegitimate son of King James II of England by Arabella Churchill , sister of the 1st Duke of Marlborough . Berwick was a successful general in the pay of Louis XIV of France . General John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough , 1st Prince of Mindelheim , 1st Count of Nellenburg , Prince of the Holy Roman Empire , ( , often ; 26 May 1650 – 16 June 1722 O.S . ) was an English soldier and statesman whose career spanned the reigns of five monarchs . Rising from a lowly page at the court of the House of Stuart , he served James , Duke of York , through the 1670s and early 1680s , earning military and political advancement through his courage and diplomatic skill .
Theresa Mary May ( , "née" Brasier ; born 1 October 1956 ) is a British politician who has served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party since 2016 , the second woman to hold both positions , the first being Margaret Thatcher . She has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Maidenhead since 1997 . Ideologically , she identifies herself as a one-nation conservative . Paul Christopher Maynard ( born 16 December 1975 ) is a British Conservative Party politician . He was elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Blackpool North and Cleveleys . In July 2016 , he became rail minister after new PM Theresa May entered office .
Glenarvon is Lady Caroline Lamb 's first novel , published in 1816 . Its rakish title character , Lord Ruthven , is an unflattering depiction of her ex-lover , Lord Byron . Drawing from "Glenarvon" , John Polidori used a vampire named Lord Ruthven as a characterization of Lord Byron in his short story "The Vampyre" published in 1819 . George Gordon Byron , 6th Baron Byron , FRS ( 22 January 1788 – 19 April 1824 ) , commonly known simply as Lord Byron , was an English poet , peer , politician , and a leading figure in the Romantic movement . He is regarded as one of the greatest British poets and remains widely read and influential . Among his best-known works are the lengthy narrative poems , "Don Juan" and "Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage" , and the short lyric poem , "She Walks in Beauty" .
Megan Phelps-Roper ( born January 31 , 1986 ) is a social media activist , lobbying to overcome divisions and hatred between religious and political divides . Formerly a prominent member of the Westboro Baptist Church ( WBC ) , she left the church with her sister Grace in November 2012 . Her mother is Shirley Phelps-Roper , whose father was the church 's founder Fred Phelps . Shirley Lynn Phelps-Roper ( born Shirley Lynn Phelps , October 31 , 1957 ) is an American lawyer and political activist . She is best known as the former spokesperson of the Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka , Kansas , an organization known for its highly publicized homophobic public protests conducted under the slogan "God Hates Fags ."
Walter Otto Davis ( 29 September 1888 – 20 May 1937 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played at centre forward for Millwall for ten years in the 1910s . He also made five appearances for the Welsh national team . Millwall Football Club ( ) is a professional football club in Bermondsey , South East London , England . The team competes in The Championship , the second tier of English football . Founded as Millwall Rovers in 1885 , the club has retained its name despite having last played in the Millwall area of the Isle of Dogs in 1910 . From then until 1993 the club played at what is now called The Old Den in New Cross , before moving to its current home stadium nearby , called The Den . The traditional club crest is a lion rampant , referred to in the team 's nickname "The Lions" . Millwall 's traditional kit consists of blue shirts , white shorts and blue socks .
Charlie Plummer ( born May 24 , 1999 ) is an American film and television actor , best known for playing the lead roles of Timmy Sanders and Jack in the series "Granite Flats" and film "King Jack" , respectively . Lean on Pete is a 2017 British-American drama film written for the screen and directed by Andrew Haigh , based upon the novel of the same name by Willy Vlautin . It stars Charlie Plummer , Travis Fimmel , Chloë Sevigny , Steve Buscemi , Steve Zahn , Thomas Mann , and Amy Seimetz .
Valhalla Highlands Historic District , also known as Lake Valhalla , is a national historic district located near Cold Spring in Putnam County , New York . The district encompasses 57 contributing buildings , 11 contributing sites , 10 contributing structures , 7 contributing objects and a 900 acre forest in an early second home community established by primarily German/Austrians and Norwegians from New York City . It developed between the early-1930s and mid-1940s , and includes lodges that are typically one or two stories high and have fieldstone foundations . They are characterized by structural stone walls and full log construction and frame dwellings clad with half-log wood siding and fieldstone veneer , chimneys and terraces . The district also includes a boat lodge with a ping-pong room and terrace , a swimming dock , a boat dock , a tea pavilion , a recreation pavilion , a lookout pavilion , shuffleboard courts , a tennis court , a playing field , a picnic area , rustic improvements throughout the forest and the remnants of a hunting cabin . Cold Spring is a village in the town of Philipstown in Putnam County , New York , United States . The population was 1,983 at the 2010 census . It borders the smaller village of Nelsonville and Garrison . The central area of the village is on the National Register of Historic Places as the Cold Spring Historic District due to its many well-preserved 19th-century buildings , constructed to accommodate workers at the nearby West Point Foundry ( itself a Registered Historic Place today ) . The town is the birthplace of General Gouverneur K. Warren , who was an important figure in the Union Army during the Civil War . The village , located in the Hudson Highlands , sits at the deepest point of the Hudson River , directly across from West Point . Cold Spring serves as a weekend getaway for many residents of New York City .
"Santa Bring My Baby Back ( To Me )" is a 1957 song by Elvis Presley . The song was released on the RCA Victor "Elvis ' Christmas Album" in 1957 . Elvis ' Christmas Album is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album by American singer and musician Elvis Presley on RCA Victor , LOC -1035 , a deluxe limited edition , released in October 1957 , and recorded at Radio Recorders in Hollywood . It has been reissued in numerous different formats since its first release . It spent four weeks at number one on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart , and was the first of two Christmas-themed albums Presley would record , the other being "Elvis Sings the Wonderful World of Christmas" , released in 1971 . The publication Music Vendor listed Elvis ' Christmas Album on their singles charts for two weeks in December 1957 – January 1958 , with a peak position of # 49 .
The Second Battle of Bull Run or Battle of Second Manassas was fought August 28–30 , 1862 in Prince William County , Virginia , as part of the American Civil War . It was the culmination of the Northern Virginia Campaign waged by Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee 's Army of Northern Virginia against Union Maj. Gen. John Pope 's Army of Virginia , and a battle of much larger scale and numbers than the First Battle of Bull Run ( or "First Manassas" ) fought on July 21 , 1861 on the same ground . The Battle of Cold Harbor was fought from May 31 to June 12 , 1864 , with the most significant fighting occurring on June 3 . It was one of the final battles of Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's Overland Campaign during the American Civil War , and is remembered as one of American history 's bloodiest , most lopsided battles . Thousands of Union soldiers were killed or wounded in a hopeless frontal assault against the fortified positions of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee 's army .
Sully ( also known as Sully : Miracle on the Hudson ) is a 2016 American biographical drama film directed by Clint Eastwood and written by Todd Komarnicki , based on the autobiography "" by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow . The film stars Tom Hanks as Sullenberger , with Aaron Eckhart , Laura Linney , Anna Gunn , Autumn Reeser , Holt McCallany , Jamey Sheridan , and Jerry Ferrara in supporting roles . The film follows Sullenberger 's January 2009 emergency landing of US Airways Flight 1549 on the Hudson River , in which all 155 passengers and crew survived with only minor injuries , and the subsequent publicity and investigation . Chesley Burnett "Sully" Sullenberger III ( born 1951 ) is an American retired airline captain celebrated for the January 15 , 2009 water landing of US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River off Manhattan after the plane was disabled by striking a flock of Canada geese immediately after takeoff ; all 155 people aboard survived . Sullenberger is an international speaker on airline safety and has helped develop new protocols for airline safety . He served as the co-chairman , along with First Officer Jeffrey Skiles , of the EAA 's Young Eagles youth introduction-to-aviation program from 2009 to 2013 . He retired from US Airways after 30 years as a commercial pilot on March 3 , 2010 . In May of the following year , Sullenberger was hired by CBS News as an Aviation and Safety Expert .
Pothos is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family . It is native to China , the Indian Subcontinent , Australia , New Guinea , Southeast Asia , and various islands of the Pacific and Indian Oceans . Tibouchina Aubl . is a Neotropical flowering plant genus in Melastomataceae Juss . that contains approximately 240 species . Species of this genus are herbs , shrubs or trees and typically have purple flowers . They are native to Mexico , the Caribbean , and South America where they are found as far south as northern Argentina . Members of this genus are known as glory bushes , glory trees or princess flowers . The name "Tibouchina" is adapted from a Guianan indigenous name for a member of this genus . A recent systematic study has shown that this genus is paraphyletic .
The Column of the Goths ( Turkish : "Gotlar Sütunu" ) is Roman victory column dating to the third or fourth century A.D . It stands in what is now Gülhane Park , Istanbul , Turkey . Gül Mosque ( Turkish : "Gül Camii" , meaning : "The Mosque of the Rose" in English ) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul , Turkey , converted into a mosque by the Ottomans .
York ( ) is a historic walled city at the confluence of the rivers Ouse and Foss in North Yorkshire , England . The municipality is the traditional county town of the historic county of Yorkshire to which it gives its name . The city has a rich heritage and has provided the backdrop to major political events in England throughout much of its two millennia of existence . The city offers a wealth of historic attractions , of which York Minster is the most prominent , and a variety of cultural and sporting activities making it a popular tourist destination for millions . Copsi ( or Copsig ; Old English : "Cōpsige" ) [ died 1067 ] was a Northumbrian magnate in late Anglo-Saxon England . He was a supporter of Tostig , and was exiled along with him in 1065 . Copsi soon fled to Orkney ( then a part of Norway ) . The next year ( 1066 ) , he joined Tostig at Sandwich , in Kent , with 17 ships . Copsi survived Tostig 's defeat at Stamford Bridge , and when William the Conqueror prevailed at Hastings he travelled , in March 1067 , to pay William homage at Barking ( where William was staying while his tower was being constructed in London ) . In return , William made Copsi earl of Northumbria and sent him back to York . Copsi 's rule lasted a mere five weeks , at which time he was murdered by Osulf , son of Eadulf III of the ancient Bernician family which had historically governed the area from Bamburgh , at Newburn-upon-Tyne . Osulf , however , only ruled as earl until that autumn , when he was killed by an outlaw he was tracking .
Luc Besson ( ] ; born 18 March 1959 ) is a French film director , screenwriter , and producer . He directed or produced the films "Subway" ( 1985 ) , "The Big Blue" ( 1988 ) , and "Nikita" ( 1990 ) . Besson is known for his distinctive filmmaking style and is associated with the movement critics call "Cinéma du look" . He has been nominated for a César Award for Best Director and Best Picture for his films "" and "" . He won Best Director and Best French Director for his sci-fi action film "The Fifth Element" ( 1997 ) . He wrote and directed the 2014 sci-fi thriller film "Lucy" . George Cooper Stevens ( December 18 , 1904 – March 8 , 1975 ) was an American film director , producer , screenwriter and cinematographer .
Claude Wilfrid Etoka ( aka Willy Etoka ) ( born 30 May 1969 , in Brazzaville , Congo ) is the congolese nominee of the son of the Congolese president Kiki Sassou-Nguesso , CEO of Oil Trading company SARPD Oil and Oil palm production company Eco Oil Energy . Etoka was listed by Forbes Africa as the 10th richest man of Africa , with a wealth estimated at 500 M $ . His company facilitates the supply of 60 % of the Congolese fuel market , In "Jeune Afrique" ( 11 May 2015 ) , Etoka featured as one of the well-connected ‘ Golden Boys ’ ; new African traders breaking through in the oil markets traditionally dominated by the international oil giants which are controlled and owned by Europeans ( Glencore , Trafigura , Vitol , Mercuria , Oryx Energy ) . Within 10 years , his company SARPD Oil is ranked as the fifth oil player in Africa in terms of trading . Mercuria Energy Group Ltd is a privately held Swiss international commodity trading company active over a wide spectrum of global energy markets including crude oil and refined petroleum products , natural gas ( including LNG ) , power , coal , biodiesel , carbon emissions , base metals and agricultural products . In 2014 , the company bought the commodities trading arm of J.P. Morgan in a reported US $ 800 million deal .
Hugh Milburn Stone , sometimes known as Milly Stone ( July 5 , 1904 – June 12 , 1980 ) , was an American film and television actor best known as "Doc" ( Dr. Galen Adams ) on the CBS western series "Gunsmoke" . Gunsmoke is an American radio and television Western drama series created by director Norman Macdonnell and writer John Meston . The stories take place in and around Dodge City , Kansas , during the settlement of the American West . The central character is lawman Marshal Matt Dillon , played by William Conrad on radio and James Arness on television . When aired in the UK , the television series was initially titled Gun Law , later reverting to "Gunsmoke" .
Aati Kya Khandala ( Hindi : आती क्या खंडाला , Urdu : آتی کیا کھنڈالا ) is a Hindi song sung by Indian actor Aamir Khan & playback singer Alka Yagnik and composed by Jatin–Lalit . It was a part of the soundtrack of the 1998 Hindi film "Ghulam" . The lyrics were written by Nitin Raikwar . Jatin–Lalit are a Bollywood film composer duo consisting of Jatin Pandit and his younger brother Lalit . They have written the scores for films such as "Khiladi" , "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" , "" , "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" , "Yes Boss" , "Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai" , "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" , "Mohabbatein" , "Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham" and "Fanaa" .
The Democracy Is Strengthened by Casting Light On Spending in Elections Act , commonly known as the DISCLOSE Act and also known as H.R . 5175 ( S.3628-Senate ) , was a bill introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Chris Van Hollen ( D-Maryland ) on April 29 , 2010 and in the U.S. Senate by Charles Schumer ( D-New York ) on July 21 , 2010 . Christopher Van Hollen Jr. ( born January 10 , 1959 ) is the junior United States Senator from Maryland , serving since January 3 , 2017 . From 2003 to 2017 , he served as the U.S. Representative for Maryland 's 8 congressional district . He is a member of the Democratic Party .
The Sudan or Sudan ( , ; Arabic : السودان‎ ‎ "as-Sūdān" ) also known as North Sudan since South Sudan 's independence and officially the Republic of the Sudan ( Arabic : جمهورية السودان‎ ‎ "Jumhūriyyat as-Sūdān" ) , is a country in Northern Africa . It is bordered by Egypt to the north , the Red Sea , Eritrea and Ethiopia to the east , South Sudan to the south , the Central African Republic to the southwest , Chad to the west and Libya to the northwest . It is the third largest country in Africa . The River Nile divides the country into eastern and western halves . Before the Sudanese Civil War , South Sudan was part of Sudan , but it became independent in 2011 . Its predominant religion is Islam . Netrobalane canopus , the buff-tipped skipper , is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family . It is found in savannah in Africa , from South Africa to Kenya to Nigeria and southern Sudan .
Koningsdag ( ] ) or King 's Day is a national holiday in the Kingdom of the Netherlands . Celebrated on 27 April ( 26 April if the 27th is a Sunday ) , the date marks the birth of King Willem-Alexander . Oranjegekte ( Orange craze ) or Oranjekoorts ( Orange fever ) is a phenomenon in the Netherlands that occurs during major sporting events , especially international football championships , and during Koningsdag , an annual holiday celebrating the king 's birthday . It manifests itself in the wearing of orange clothing such as T-shirts , caps and scarfs ; lavish attention for sports and sports fans in the media ; and the decoration of cars , rooms , houses , shops , and even entire streets in orange , the traditional color of the Dutch royal family , the House of Orange-Nassau .
Samuel Alexander Mendes , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 1 August 1965 ) is an English stage and film director . He is best known for directing the drama film "American Beauty" ( 1999 ) , which earned him the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Director , the crime film "Road to Perdition" ( 2002 ) , and the "James Bond" films "Skyfall" ( 2012 ) and "Spectre" ( 2015 ) . Ruby Yang ( 楊紫燁 ; Simplified Chinese : 杨紫烨 ) , is a Chinese American filmmaker .
Astro Boy is a 2009 Hong Kong-American computer-animated action-comedy superhero film loosely based on the manga series of the same name by the Japanese writer and illustrator Osamu Tezuka . It was produced by Imagi Animation Studios , and directed by David Bowers , who co-wrote the screenplay with Timothy Harris . Freddie Highmore provides the voice of Astro Boy in the film alongside the voices of Kristen Bell , Nathan Lane , Eugene Levy , Matt Lucas , Bill Nighy , Donald Sutherland , Charlize Theron and Nicolas Cage . The Secret of Kells is a 2009 French-Belgian-Irish animated fantasy film animated by Cartoon Saloon that premiered on 8 February 2009 at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival . It went into wide release in Belgium and France on 11 February , and Ireland on 3 March .
Mary Busingye Karooro Okurut ( born 8 December 1954 ) , more commonly known as Mary Karooro Okurut , is a Ugandan educator , author and politician . She is the current Cabinet Minister in Charge of General Duties in the Office of the Prime Minister , in the Ugandan Cabinet . She was appointed to that position on 6 June 2016 . Prior to that , from 1 March 2015 until 6 June 2016 , she served as Cabinet Minister for National Security . She was appointed to that position on 1 March 2015 , replacing Wilson Muruli Mukasa , who was appointed Minister of Gender and Social Issues . Between 2012 and 2015 , she served as the Minister of Gender and Social Issues in the Cabinet of Uganda . She was appointed to that position in 2012 . She replaced Syda Bumba , who resigned from Cabinet . Mary Karoro Okurut also serves as the elected Member of Parliament for Bushenyi District Women 's Constituency . Gender is the range of characteristics pertaining to , and differentiating between , masculinity and femininity . Depending on the context , these characteristics may include biological sex ( i.e . the state of being male , female or an intersex variation which may complicate sex assignment ) , sex-based social structures ( including gender roles and other social roles ) , or gender identity . Some cultures have specific gender roles that can be considered distinct from male and female , such as the hijra ( chhaka ) of India and Pakistan .
"The Man from Jupiter" is the fourth episode of the third season of the American animated television series "Archer" . It originally aired on January 19 , 2012 , in the United States on FX . Sterling Archer ( H. Jon Benjamin ) is introduced to Burt Reynolds , who is involved in a relationship with his mother Malory Archer ( Jessica Walter ) . Sterling tries several attempts to end their relationship . Meanwhile , a group of Cuban hitmen set out to kill Sterling . Jessica Walter ( born January 31 , 1941 ) is an American actress . She is known for appearing in the films "Play Misty for Me" and "Grand Prix" , her role as Lucille Bluth on the sitcom "Arrested Development" , and providing the voice of Malory Archer in the FX animated series "Archer" . Jessica Walter also studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City .
Sick Puppies is an Australian rock band , formed in 1997 . Sick Puppies rose to prominence in 2006 when their song "All the Same" was uploaded along with a video to YouTube . The video supported the Free Hugs Campaign which was launched in Sydney , and has since received over 77 million views on the website . This success followed up with "Dressed Up as Life" in 2007 , which entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 181 . Their third studio album , released on 14 July 2009 , is titled "Tri-Polar" . The band 's fourth studio album "Connect" was released on 16 July 2013 . They released their fifth studio album "Fury" on 20 May 2016 with new vocalist Bryan Scott after Shimon Moore left the band on October 2014 . Third Eye Blind is an American rock band formed in San Francisco in 1993 . The songwriting duo of Stephan Jenkins and Kevin Cadogan signed the band 's first major label recording contract with Elektra Records in 1996 , which was later reported as the largest publishing deal ever for an unsigned artist . The band released their self-titled album , "Third Eye Blind" , in 1997 , with the band largely consisting of Jenkins ( lead vocals , rhythm guitar ) , Cadogan ( lead guitar ) , Arion Salazar ( bass guitar ) , and Brad Hargreaves ( drums ) . Shortly after the release of the band 's second album in 1999 , "Blue" , with the same line-up , Cadogan was released from the band under controversial circumstances .
The Kansas City Crime Family , also known as Civella crime family ( pronounced ] ) , is a Mafia family based in Kansas City , Missouri . William "Willie Rat" Dominick Cammisano Sr. ( April 26 , 1914 – January 26 , 1995 ) was a Kansas City , Missouri , mobster and enforcer for Nicholas Civella 's Kansas City crime family .
Chris Joseph Columbus ( born September 10 , 1958 ) is an American filmmaker . Columbus is known for directing movies such as "Home Alone" ( 1990 ) , "" ( 1992 ) , "Mrs. Doubtfire" ( 1993 ) , "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone" ( 2001 ) , and "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" ( 2002 ) , and for writing movies such as "Gremlins" ( 1984 ) and "The Goonies" ( 1985 ) . Todd Haynes ( ; born January 2 , 1961 ) is an American independent film director , screenwriter , and producer . He is considered a pioneer of the New Queer Cinema movement of filmmaking that emerged in the early 1990s . Haynes first gained public attention with his controversial short film "" ( 1987 ) , which chronicles singer Karen Carpenter 's tragic life and death , using Barbie dolls as actors . Haynes had not obtained proper licensing to use the Carpenters ' music , prompting a lawsuit from Richard Carpenter , whom the film portrayed in an unflattering light , banning the film 's distribution . "Superstar" became a cult classic .
The Game of Life , also known simply as Life , is a board game originally created in 1860 by Milton Bradley , as The Checkered Game of Life . "The Game of Life" was America 's first popular parlour game . The game simulates a person 's travels through his or her life , from college to retirement , with jobs , marriage , and possible children along the way . Two to six players can participate in one game . Variations of the game accommodate eight to ten players . History of the World ( often abbreviated HotW ) is a board game designed by Ragnar Brothers and originally published in 1991 . It is played by up to six different players in seven different epochs ; each player playing a different empire in each epoch .
The Colorado River is one of the principal rivers of the Southwestern United States and northern Mexico ( the other being the Rio Grande ) . The 1450 mi river drains an expansive , arid watershed that encompasses parts of seven U.S. and two Mexican states . Starting in the central Rocky Mountains in the U.S. , the river flows generally southwest across the Colorado Plateau and through the Grand Canyon before reaching Lake Mead on the Arizona–Nevada border , where it turns south toward the international border . After entering Mexico , the Colorado approaches the mostly dry Colorado River Delta at the tip of the Gulf of California between Baja California and Sonora . Spanish Valley is a flat in Grand County , Utah , south of Moab . It lies at an elevation of 4,331 feet / 1,320 meters , and is south southeastward of Moab Valley . Pack Creek flows through Spanish Valley north northwestward into Moab Valley toward its confluence with the Colorado River .
The 2008 Detroit Lions season was the 79th season for the franchise in the National Football League . The Lions entered their third season under head coach Rod Marinelli and were looking to improve on the 7–9 record they put together in 2007 . Instead , the Lions had one of the worst seasons in pro sports history . The team lost all sixteen of their games in 2008 , becoming the first team since the 1976 Tampa Bay Buccaneers to end an NFL season with no wins and no tied games as well as the first and only team to do it since the schedule was expanded to sixteen games . The Lions were mathematically eliminated from the playoffs by Week 11 , when they stood 0–10 . The team 's victory over the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 16 of 2007 stood as their last until Week 3 of the 2009 season . From the time the Lions recorded a win over the Denver Broncos in 2007 to reach 6–2 , the team went 5–47 over their following 52 games ( including all of 2008 and 2009 ) before winning four games in a row at the end of the 2010 season . As of 2017 , this is the only team in NFL history to finish a season with a 0–16 record . The 2016 Cleveland Browns and the 2009 St. Louis Rams came close to 0–16 , both going 1–15 . The 2016 Cleveland Browns season was the franchise 's 68th season as a professional sports franchise , its 64th as a member of the National Football League and its first under head coach Hue Jackson and de facto general manager Sashi Brown . The Browns failed to improve upon their 3–13 record from their previous season , finishing 1–15 , their worst record in franchise history . They started the season 0–14 , their worst 14-game start in franchise history , and in so doing , clinched a losing record for a franchise record ninth straight season , failed to make the playoffs for a franchise record 14th straight season , finished in fourth place in the AFC North for the sixth straight season , went 0–6 within the division , failed to win a road game in a season for only the second time in franchise history ( first occurred during the 1975 season ) , and set a franchise record for most consecutive losses , losing 17 straight games going back to their final three games of the previous season . They also extended their road losing streak to 13 games , a streak that began in Week 7 of the 2015 season , when they lost their final five road games . The Browns were also the first team to start 0–14 since the Detroit Lions went winless during 2008 , the first team to finish with a 1–15 record since 2009 , and only the 10th team in NFL history to finish with 15 losses . The Browns ' lone victory was a 20–17 win over the San Diego Chargers in Week 16 .
Elko Regional Airport ( IATA : EKO , ICAO : KEKO , FAA LID : EKO ) , formerly Elko Municipal Airport , is a mile west of downtown Elko , in Elko County , Nevada . Gerald R. Ford International Airport ( IATA : GRR , ICAO : KGRR , FAA LID : GRR ) is a commercial airport in Cascade Township approximately 13 mi southeast of Grand Rapids , Michigan . The facility is owned by the Kent County Board of Commissioners and managed by an independent authority . The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 categorized it as a small hub primary commercial service facility .
Christopher Jonathan "Chris" Williams ( born 2 February 1985 ) is an English semi-professional footballer who last played for Salford City as a forward . Salford City Football Club is a professional football club in the Kersal area of Salford , Greater Manchester , England , which plays in National League North , the sixth tier of English football .
St. John 's College has three divisions , and a number of central academic centres and activities . Through its three divisions , it offers a wide variety of liberal arts and science courses at the secondary , British A-level , and United States junior college levels . St. John 's College is a Roman Catholic institution in the Jesuit tradition , one of the oldest , largest , and most diverse educational institutions in Belize , founded by the Jesuits in 1887 . The liberal arts ( Latin : "artes liberales" ) are those subjects or skills that in classical antiquity were considered essential for a free person ( Latin : "liberalis" , "worthy of a free person" ) to know in order to take an active part in civic life , something that ( for Ancient Greece ) included participating in public debate , defending oneself in court , serving on juries , and most importantly , military service . Grammar , logic , and rhetoric were the core liberal arts , while arithmetic , geometry , the theory of music , and astronomy also played a ( somewhat lesser ) part in education .
Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre ( ; ] ; 21 June 1905 – 15 April 1980 ) was a French philosopher , playwright , novelist , political activist , biographer , and literary critic . He was one of the key figures in the philosophy of existentialism and phenomenology , and one of the leading figures in 20th-century French philosophy and Marxism . George Bernard Shaw ( ; 26 July 1856 – 2 November 1950 ) , known at his insistence simply as Bernard Shaw , was an Irish playwright , critic and polemicist whose influence on Western theatre , culture and politics extended from the 1880s to his death and beyond . He wrote more than sixty plays , including major works such as "Man and Superman" ( 1902 ) , "Pygmalion" ( 1912 )" and Saint Joan" ( 1923 ) . With a range incorporating both contemporary satire and historical allegory , Shaw became the leading dramatist of his generation , and in 1925 was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature .
Skittles is a brand of fruit-flavoured sweets , currently produced and marketed by the Wrigley Company , a division of Mars , Inc .. Mars is an American global manufacturer of confectionery , pet food , and other food products and a provider of animal care services , with US $ 33 billion in annual sales in 2015 , and is ranked as the 6th largest privately held company in the United States by Forbes . Headquartered in McLean , unincorporated Fairfax County , Virginia , US , the company is entirely owned by the Mars family . Mars operates in six business segments around the world : Wm . Wrigley Jr. Company ( Chicago , Illinois ) , Chocolate ( Hackettstown , New Jersey ; to be integrated with Wm . Wrigley Jr. Company and based in Chicago , Illinois from 2017 ) , Petcare ( Brussels , Belgium , Poncitlán and Jalisco , Mexico ) , Food ( Rancho Dominguez , California ) , Drinks ( West Chester , Pennsylvania ) , and Symbioscience ( Germantown , Maryland ) , the company 's life sciences division .
The 2016 Maine Black Bears football team represented the University of Maine in the 2016 NCAA Division I FCS football season . They were led by first-year head coach Joe Harasymiak and played their home games at Alfond Stadium . They were a member of the Colonial Athletic Association . They finished the season 6–5 , 5–3 in CAA play to finish in a tie for fourth place . Morse Field at Harold Alfond Sports Stadium is a 10,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Orono , Maine . The stadium opened as Alumni Field in 1947 and underwent extensive renovations from 1996 to 1998 . It is home to the University of Maine Black Bears football team . The wood and steel grandstands , built in the 1940s , were condemned and demolished in 1996 , replaced with the current east grandstand , along with a temporary structure on the west side , adjacent to Alfond Arena . The current west grandstand , lights , press and luxury levels , as well as concessions and restroom amenities were completed prior to the 1998 season . The stadium was rededicated to Harold Alfond , a longtime Maine booster , at Maine 's first home night game on September 12 , 1998 , a 52-28 win over New Hampshire in the Battle for the Brice-Cowell Musket . The field is named for Phillip and Susan Morse , who donated the lights , original Astroturf and scoreboard . In the summer of 2008 , new FieldTurf was installed to replace the old AstroTurf . In 2014 , a 20'x32 ' high-definition video-board replaced the matrix display installed in 1998 , and a contemporary scoreboard was installed on the north end .
Pasvalys ( ; Yiddish : פּאָסװאָל‎ "Posvol" ) is a city in Panevėžys County , Lithuania , located near the bank of the Svalia River . Its sister city is Götene in Sweden . Benjamin Abram Bernstein ( 20 May 1881 , Pasvalys , Lithuania – 25 September 1964 , Berkeley , California ) was an American mathematician , specializing in mathematical logic .
G-A-Y is a gay nightclub in London . It operated from the London Astoria music venue for 15 years until July 2008 . The Boston Globe described it as "London 's largest gay-themed club night" , "NME" reported that it "attracts 6,000 clubbers each week" , and "The Independent" described it as "the one London gig that really matters" for "today 's pop stars" . On Friday 3 October 2008 , it moved to famous gay venue Heaven . Heaven is a superclub in London , England which appeals predominantly to the gay market . It is located underneath Charing Cross railway station in Central London , just off Trafalgar Square .
The Florida Senate is the upper house of the legislature of the U.S. state of Florida . Along with the House of Representatives , it composes the Florida Legislature . The Senate has 40 members , each elected from a single-member district with a population of about 470,000 . The Senate meets at the State Capitol in Tallahassee . Ken Pruitt ( born January 24 , 1957 ) was a Republican member of the Florida Senate , representing the 28th District from 2000 to 2009 . His district includes portions of Indian River , Martin , Okeechobee , Palm Beach and St. Lucie Counties . He was previously a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1990 through 2000 .
Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo has officially sung 147 roles in Italian , French , German , English , Spanish and Russian . His main repertoire however is Italian ( "Otello" , Cavaradossi in "Tosca" , "Don Carlo" , Des Grieux in "Manon Lescaut" , Dick Johnson in "La fanciulla del West" , Radames in "Aida" ) , French ( "Faust" , "Werther" , Don José in "Carmen" , Samson in "Samson et Dalila" ) , and German ( "Lohengrin" , "Parsifal" , and Siegmund in "Die Walküre" ) . Domingo currently continues to add more operas to his repertoire . Since 2009 , he has moved substantially into the baritone repertoire , especially focusing on Verdi baritone roles . In 2015 , he made his most recent debuts as Macbeth at the Berliner Staatsoper , Don Carlo in "Ernani" at the Metropolitan Opera , and Gianni Schicchi at the Los Angeles Opera . Tim Page , a Pulitzer Prize-winner for music criticism , described Domingo in a 1996 "Washington Post" article as "the most versatile , intelligent and altogether accomplished operatic tenor now before the public ." Macbeth ( ] ) is an opera in four acts by Giuseppe Verdi , with an Italian libretto by Francesco Maria Piave and additions by Andrea Maffei , based on William Shakespeare 's play of the same name .
Kevin Spacey Fowler , KBE ( born July 26 , 1959 ) is an American actor , film director , producer , screenwriter , and singer . He began his career as a stage actor during the 1980s before obtaining supporting roles in film and television . He gained critical acclaim in the early 1990s that culminated in his first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the neo-noir crime thriller "The Usual Suspects" ( 1995 ) , and an Academy Award for Best Actor for midlife crisis-themed drama "American Beauty" ( 1999 ) . Dana Brunetti ( born June 11 , 1973 ) is an American film producer and social networking entrepreneur . He is the president of Kevin Spacey 's production company , Trigger Street Productions . In 2016 , he became the president of Relativity Media with Kevin Spacey taking on a chairman position .
Cromwell station , also known as Cromwell Station/Glen Burnie or Cromwell/Glen Burnie , is a Baltimore Light Rail station in Glen Burnie , Maryland . It is one of the system 's two southern terminals , and one of two stations in Glen Burnie . Trains depart Cromwell/Glen Burnie bound for Timonium station ( during peak commuting hours on weekdays ) or Hunt Valley station ( at all other times ) . Unlike the nearby Ferndale station , there are currently 795 free parking spaces and connections can be made to MTA Maryland 's Route 14 bus from here . South of the station , the lines terminate on an embankment on the northwest corner of Maryland Route 648 and Maryland Route 176 to the east of Interstate 97 , and the right of way is replaced by the Baltimore and Annapolis Rail Trail . Glen Burnie is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States . It is a suburb of Baltimore . The population of Glen Burnie was 67,639 at the 2010 census .
Michael Whitham ( 6 November 1867 – 6 May 1924 ) was an English international footballer , who played as a right back . Born in Ecclesfield , Sheffield he played for both The Wednesday and Sheffield United where he spent seven years . Whitham gained one cap for England and went on to become a trainer at a number of clubs following his retirement from playing as well as a brief spell as manager of Gainsborough Trinity . Gainsborough Trinity Football Club is a football club based in Gainsborough , Lincolnshire , England . Established in 1873 , the club became members of the Football League in 1893 and remained members of the Second Division until 1912 , making Gainsborough one of the smallest towns in England to have had a Football League team . They are currently members of the National League North , the sixth tier of English football , and play at the Northolme .
6teen is a Canadian animated sitcom which premiered in Canada on November 7 , 2004 on Teletoon . Despite being an original Cartoon Network series , in the US , "6teen" premiered on Nickelodeon on December 18 , 2005 and was removed from the schedule on May 13 , 2006 , and was later relaunched on Cartoon Network in 2008 . "6teen" has been aired on The N and Cartoon Network in the United States . My Babysitter 's a Vampire ( Quebec French : Ma gardienne est un vampire ) is a 2011 Canadian television series , based on the television film of the same name . In Canada , the series premiered in French on Télétoon on February 28 , 2011 , in English on Teletoon on March 14 , 2011 , and on Disney Channel in the United States on June 27 , 2011 and finished airing October 5 , 2012 on Disney and April 11 , 2013 on Télétoon . The show was created by Fresh TV , creators of "6teen" , "Total Drama" , and "Stoked" . The show follows Ethan Morgan ( Matthew Knight ) , who , in the television film , learns that his babysitter Sarah ( Vanessa Morgan ) is a vampire . In the film , he learns he is able to have visions and his best friend Benny Weir ( Atticus Mitchell ) is a spellmaster . The series follows the three as they take on supernatural forces and have adventures , with occasional help from fellow vampires Rory ( Cameron Kennedy ) and Erica ( Kate Todd ) , while dealing with the troubles of regular high school life .
The Normandy landings ( codenamed Operation Neptune ) were the landing operations on Tuesday , 6 June 1944 ( termed D-Day ) of the Allied invasion of Normandy in Operation Overlord during World War II . The largest seaborne invasion in history , the operation began the liberation of German-occupied northwestern Europe from Nazi control , and contributed to the Allied victory on the Western Front . The Landing Barge , Kitchen or LBK was a landing craft used to support amphibious landings in North Western Europe during and after the Normandy invasion in the Second World War . Its primary purpose was to provide hot meals to the crews of the many minor landing craft not fitted with galley facilities . Constructed of steel , this shallow-draft lighter had storage and serving space to feed 900 men for one week . The kitchen capacity was able to provide 1,600 hot meals and 800 cold meals a day .
Travis County is a county located in south central Texas . As of the 2010 census , the population was 1,024,266 ; the estimated population in 2014 was 1,151,145 . It is the fifth-most populous county in Texas . Its county seat is Austin , the capital of Texas . The county was established in 1840 and is named in honor of William Barret Travis , the commander of the Republic of Texas forces at the Battle of the Alamo . Jollyville is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Travis and Williamson counties in Texas . It is a neighborhood in north Austin . The population was 16,151 at the 2010 census .
The Saab JAS 39 Gripen ( English : "griffin" ) is a light single-engine multirole fighter aircraft manufactured by the Swedish aerospace company Saab . It was designed to replace the Saab 35 Draken and 37 Viggen in the Swedish Air Force ( "Flygvapnet" ) . The Gripen has a delta wing and canard configuration with relaxed stability design and fly-by-wire flight controls . It is powered by the Volvo RM12 , and has a top speed of Mach 2 . Later aircraft are modified for NATO interoperability standards and to undertake in-flight refuelling . In fluid dynamics , the Mach number ( M or Ma ) ( ; ] ) is a dimensionless quantity representing the ratio of flow velocity past a boundary to the local speed of sound .
Nelson Richard DeMille ( born August 23 , 1943 ) is an American author of action adventure and suspense novels . His novels include "Plum Island" , "The Charm School" , and "The Gold Coast" . DeMille has also written under the pen names Jack Cannon , Kurt Ladner , Ellen Kay and Brad Matthews . Eric Arthur Blair ( 25 June 1903 – 21 January 1950 ) , better known by his pen name George Orwell , was an English novelist , essayist , journalist , and critic . His work is marked by lucid prose , awareness of social injustice , opposition to totalitarianism , and outspoken support of democratic socialism .
Kegeyli District ( Uzbek : "Kegeyli tumani" , Karakalpak : Kegeyli rayonı ) is a district of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan . The capital lies at Kegeyli . Karakalpak is a Turkic language spoken by Karakalpaks in Karakalpakstan . It is divided into two dialects : Northeastern Karakalpak , Southeastern Karakalpak . The language is closely related to Kazakh .
Mesih Pasha or Misac Pasha ( died November 1501 ) was an Ottoman statesman of Byzantine Greek origin , being a nephew of the last Byzantine emperor , Constantine XI Palaiologos . He served as Kapudan Pasha of the Ottoman Navy and was Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire in 1501 . Constantine XI Dragases Palaiologos , Latinized as Palaeologus ( Greek : Κωνσταντῖνος ΙΑ ' Δραγάσης Παλαιολόγος , "Kōnstantinos XI Dragasēs Palaiologos" , Serbian : Константин XI Драгаш Палеолог , "Konstantin XI Dragaš Paleolog" ; 8 February 1405 – 29 May 1453 ) was the last reigning Byzantine Emperor , reigning as a member of the Palaiologos dynasty from 1449 to his death in battle at the fall of Constantinople . Following his death , he became a legendary figure in Greek folklore as the "Marble Emperor" who would awaken and recover the Empire and Constantinople from the Ottomans . His death marked the end of the Roman Empire , which had continued in the East for 977 years after the fall of the Western Roman Empire .
Yau Ma Tei North ( ) is one of the 19 constituencies in the Yau Tsim Mong District of Hong Kong which was first created in 1982 and recreated in 2015 . Hong Kong , officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People 's Republic of China , is an autonomous territory south to Mainland China and east to Macao in East Asia . With around 7.2 million Hong Kongers of various nationalities in a territory of 1,104 km , Hong Kong is the world 's fourth most densely populated country or territory .
Lake Elkhorn is a 37 acre reservoir located in the Owen Brown area of Columbia , Maryland . It is Columbia 's third and largest lake . Its main features are a small dam and a park with a picnic pavilion and a two-mile ( 3 km ) walking path around the lake . The path was built in 1982 . It is surrounded by a park and townhouses . The lake , which was built in 1974 , is named for the Elkhorn branch of the Little Patuxent River . In 1969 , Spiro Agnew proclaimed the arrival of the first Columbia based scientific firm , Hittman Associates that relocated for favorable lease rates from Howard Research and Development . Hittman in turn was contracted by the EPA using Wilde Lake as an example to recommend reuse of storm water runoff from all of Columbia 's reservoir systems for residential drinking water to save on development costs . Columbia is a census-designated place in Howard County , Maryland , United States , and is one of the principal cities of the Baltimore metropolitan area . It is a planned community consisting of 10 self-contained villages . It began with the idea that a city could enhance its residents ' quality of life . Creator and developer James W. Rouse saw the new community in terms of human values , rather than merely economics and engineering . Opened in 1967 , Columbia was intended to not only eliminate the inconveniences of then-current subdivision design , but also eliminate racial , religious , and class segregation .
Per "Pelle" Almqvist ( born 29 May 1978 ) , also known as Howlin ' Pelle Almqvist , is a Swedish singer and songwriter . He is the lead singer of garage rock band The Hives . Stephen Lawrence "Steve" Winwood ( born 12 May 1948 ) is an English musician whose genres include rock , blue-eyed soul , rhythm and blues , blues rock , pop rock , and jazz . Though primarily a vocalist and keyboardist , Winwood also plays bass guitar , drums , acoustic and electric guitar , mandolin , violin , and other strings .
Underground Atlanta was a shopping and entertainment district in the Five Points neighborhood of downtown Atlanta , Georgia , United States , near the Five Points MARTA station . First opened in 1969 , it takes advantage of the viaducts built over the city 's many railroad tracks to accommodate later automobile traffic . Each level has two main halls , still called Upper and Lower Alabama and Pryor Streets . The Atlanta Zero Mile Post is a stone marker which marked the terminus of the Western and Atlantic Railroad in Atlanta . It is approximately 1 foot wide on each side and 42 inches tall . It is inscribed on one side with the text "W & A RR 138" and on another side , "W & A RR OO" . It is located in the basement of a disused building in Downtown Atlanta , within the Underground Atlanta Historic District , under the Central Ave. viaduct , between Alabama and Wall streets .
Benjamin Andrew "Ben" Stokes ( born 4 June 1991 ) is an English international cricketer who is the current vice captain of the English Test team . Born in Christchurch , New Zealand , Ben moved to northern England at the age of 12 , where he learnt the game and began playing club cricket for local teams . He is an all-rounder who bowls right-arm fast-medium pace and bats left-handed . James John Atkinson ( born 24 August 1990 in Hong Kong ) is an international cricketer who plays cricket for Hong Kong . He also captained the Hong Kong cricket team before stepping down in May 2015 . A wicket-keeper , he has also represented Hong Kong at Under-19s level , and was selected as part of their squad for the 2010 U-19 Cricket World Cup . where he became Facebook friends with Ben Stokes He was the first player born in the 1990s to play in a One Day International . His father Steve played Minor Counties cricket .
The Frost Place is a museum and nonprofit educational center for poetry located at Robert Frost 's former home in Franconia , New Hampshire , United States . Jeanne Marie Beaumont is an American poet , author of four poetry collections , most recently , "Letters from Limbo" ( CavanKerry Press , 2016 ) , and "Burning of the Three Fires" ( BOA Editions , Ltd. 2010 ) , "Curious Conduct" ( BOA Editions , Ltd. , 2004 ) , and "Placebo Effects" ( Norton , 1997 ) . Her work has appeared in "Boston Review , Barrow Street , Colorado Review , Court Green , Harper ’ s , Harvard Review , Manhattan Review , The Nation , New American Writing , Ploughshares , Poetry Northwest , Witness ," and "World Literature Today ," and she has had poems featured on "The Writer 's Almanac with Garrison Keillor ." In 2006 , San Francisco film-maker Jay Rosenblatt made a film based on her poem "Afraid So" as narrated by Garrison Keillor . The film has been shown at several major international film festivals , and included on a program of Rosenblatt 's work screened at the Museum of Modern Art in October 2010 . Beaumont was co-editor of "American Letters & Commentary" from 1992 to 2000 . She was judge for the 2011 Cider Press Review Book Award . She grew up in the suburban Philadelphia area and moved to New York City in 1983 . She earned her B.A . from Eastern College and an M.F.A . in Writing from Columbia University . She has taught at Rutgers University and regularly teaches at the 92nd Street Y . She served as the Director of The Frost Place Advanced Seminar from 2007–2010 , and serves on the faculty for the Stonecoast MFA Program in Creative Writing .
There have been six Formula One drivers from Mexico who have taken part in races since the championship began in 1950 . Pedro Rodríguez is the most successful Mexican driver being the only one to have won a grand prix . Sergio Pérez , the only other Mexican to finish on the podium , currently races with Sahara Force India F1 Team . Sergio Pérez Mendoza ( ; born 26 January 1990 ) also known as "Checo" Pérez , is a Mexican racing driver , currently driving for Force India .
Steven Zhu ( born 1989 ) , known professionally as Zhu ( or ) , is a Chinese American electronic musician and singer who has been active since the beginning of 2014 , signed to Mind of a Genius Records and Columbia Records . Until mid-2014 , Zhu remained anonymous , asking to be judged by his music alone . His debut album , "Generationwhy" , was released on 29 July 2016 . I Remember is the second studio album by English electronic music duo AlunaGeorge . It was released on 16 September 2016 by Island Records . The album includes collaborations with Popcaan , Zhu , Leikeli47 , Dreezy , Flume and Pell . The album 's lead single , "I 'm in Control" , was released in February 2016 , featuring vocals from rapper Popcaan , and peaked at number 39 on the UK Singles Chart .
The 7.63×25mm Mauser ( .30 Mauser Automatic ) round was the original cartridge for the Mauser C96 service pistol . This cartridge headspaces on the shoulder of the case . It later served as the basis for the 7.62mm Tokarev cartridge commonly used in Soviet and Eastern Bloc weapons . The Mauser C96 ( "Construktion 96" ) is a semi-automatic pistol that was originally produced by German arms manufacturer Mauser from 1896 to 1937 . Unlicensed copies of the gun were also manufactured in Spain and China in the first half of the 20th century .
The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America and the Theatre and Film Guild of Great Britain and America is a registered theatre charity and non-profit making theatre organisation based in London . The Guild 's patrons include Brian Croucher , Anita Dobson , Fenella Fielding , Sheila Ferguson , Jessica Martin , Lorraine Chase , Gillian Gregory , Mark Lester , Jessie Wallace , Barbara Windsor and Shani Wallis . Anita Dobson ( born 29 April 1949 ) is an English stage , film and television actress , and singer . She is known for her role from 1985 to 1988 as Angie Watts in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" . In 1986 , she reached number four in the UK Singles Chart with "Anyone Can Fall in Love" , a song based on the theme music of "EastEnders" .
Brett Allen Scallions ( born December 21 , 1971 ) is an American musician . He is the lead vocalist , rhythm guitarist , and lyricist of post-grunge band Fuel . Ciaran Gribbin ( born 1976 ) is a Northern Irish singer-songwriter , guitarist and producer who hails from Castledawson , Northern Ireland .
Kevin Michael Alejandro ( born April 7 , 1976 ) is an American actor . Safelight is a 2015 American drama film , written and directed by Tony Aloupis , and starring Juno Temple , Evan Peters , Kevin Alejandro , Jason Beghe , Ariel Winter , and Christine Lahti . The film had its world premiere on April 17 , 2015 at the Nashville Film Festival .
Kyle Trent Skipworth ( born March 1 , 1990 ) is an American professional baseball catcher who is currently a free agent . He previously played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Miami Marlins . The Miami Marlins are an American professional baseball team based in Miami , Florida . The Marlins compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) East division . Their home park is Marlins Park . Though one of only two MLB franchises to have never won a division title ( the other is the Colorado Rockies ) , the Marlins have won two World Series championships as a wild card team .
Jenson Alexander Lyons Button { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 19 January 1980 ) is a British racing driver currently under contract with McLaren-Honda , as a reserve driver . He won the 2009 FIA Formula One World Championship , driving for Brawn GP . Button announced in September 2016 that he would be giving up his seat at the end of the 2016 season but announced that he would remain at McLaren as a reserve driver and ambassador of McLaren until 2018 . John Button ( 27 July 1943 – 12 January 2014 ) was an English rallycross driver and the father of 2009 Formula One World Champion Jenson Button . His best overall results were both in 1976 , as the runner-up in the Embassy/RAC-MSA British Rallycross and TEAC/Lydden Rallycross championships .
Bratislava ( or ; ] , German : "Preßburg" or "Pressburg "] ) is the capital of Slovakia , and with a population of about 450,000 , the country 's largest city . The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people . Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia , occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava . Bordering Austria and Hungary , it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states . Július Satinský ( 20 August 1941 in Bratislava – 29 December 2002 in Bratislava ) was a Slovak actor , comedian , singer , showman and writer . He is mostly remembered in Slovakia as member of the legendary comedian duo Milan Lasica - Július Satinský , however his scope of interest was wide .
Lou Cutell ( born October 6 , 1930 ) is an American movie and television actor . He portrayed the proctologist , Dr. Cooperman , in "The Fusilli Jerry" episode of the television series "Seinfeld" and Leo Funkhouser on "Curb Your Enthusiasm" . Among cult movie fans , he is best known for his portrayal of Dr. Nadir in "Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster" , and he can be briefly seen in "Pee-wee 's Big Adventure" as Amazing Larry . In 1998 , he also played a small role in "The Odd Couple II" as Abe , one of Oscar Madison ( Walter Matthau ) 's card-playing friends in Sarasota , Florida . Recently , he was a series regular on the NBC show , "Betty White 's Off Their Rockers" . In 2013 , he appeared on the "How I Met Your Mother" episode "Last Time in New York" . "Last Time in New York" is the third episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" , and the 187th episode overall .
A Wind in the Door is a young adult science fantasy novel by Madeleine L'Engle . It is a companion book to "A Wrinkle in Time" , and part of the Time Quintet . The Time Quintet is a fantasy/science fiction series of five young adult novels written by Madeleine L'Engle .
A luau ( Hawaiian : "lūʻau" ) is a traditional Hawaiian party or feast that is usually accompanied by entertainment . It may feature food such as poi , Kalua pig , poke , lomi salmon , opihi , haupia and beer , and entertainment such as traditional Hawaiian music and hula . Among people from Hawaiʻi , the concepts of "luau" and "party" are often blended , resulting in graduation luau , wedding luau and birthday luau . The Hawaiian Cottage ( or simply "The Cottage" ) was a Polynesian style restaurant in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , United States . It opened in 1938 , on Cherry Hill 's western side , on Route 38 , nearby the Cherry Hill Mall ( which later opened in 1961 ) . The Cottage was established by Michael Egidi and Mary Egidi-Pietrafesa . Started as a roadhouse , the restaurant soon emerged into what was considered a South Jersey landmark . The restaurant 's exterior was known for its vivid yellow , pineapple-shaped dome , burning Polynesian torches at the entrance , and a Hawaiian atmosphere that included a luau show . After Mr. Egidi 's death in a car accident in the early 1940s , Mrs. Egidi continued to operate the business . Her second husband , John Muresan , helped with the restaurant 's growth . On July 1 , 1978 , the restaurant was destroyed by a fire . The site is now occupied by an Olive Garden Restaurant .
Ustad Vilayat Khan ( 28 August 1928 – 13 March 2004 ) was one of India 's well known sitar maestros . Along with Ravi Shankar , Ali Akbar Khan , Nikhil Banerjee and his younger brother Imrat Khan , Vilayat Khan helped introduce Indian Classical Music to the West . Hiren Roy ( 1920–1992 ) was for many years considered to be the best sitar maker in India . Many great musicians , including Nikhil Banerjee , Vilayat Khan , Annapurna Devi , and Ravi Shankar , have sworn by his creations .
The Dressmaker is a 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film written and directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse , based on the novel of the same name by Rosalie Ham . It stars Kate Winslet as a femme fatale in the titular role of the dressmaker , Myrtle "Tilly" Dunnage , who returns to a small Australian town to take care of her ailing , mentally unstable mother . The film explores the themes of revenge and creativity and was described by Moorhouse as "Clint Eastwood 's "Unforgiven" with a sewing machine ." Rebecca Catherine Gibney ( born 14 December 1964 ) is a New Zealand actress known for her roles on Australian television in "The Flying Doctors" , "Halifax f.p . ", "Packed to the Rafters" , "Winter" and "Wanted" . She is a Gold Logie winner and has featured in a number of Australian films including "Mental" and "The Dressmaker" .
Robert Bernard Sherman ( December 19 , 1925 – March 6 , 2012 ) was an American songwriter who specialized in musical films with his brother Richard Morton Sherman . According to the official Walt Disney Company website and independent fact checkers , "the Sherman Brothers were responsible for more motion picture musical song scores than any other songwriting team in film history ." Some of the Sherman Brothers ' best known songs were incorporated into live action and animation musical films including : "Mary Poppins" , "The Jungle Book" , "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" , "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" , "The Slipper and the Rose" , and "Charlotte 's Web" . Their most well known work , however , remains the theme park song "It 's a Small World ( After All )" . According to Time.com , this song is the most performed song of all time . It 's a Small World ( currently styled it 's a small world ) is a water-based dark ride located in the Fantasyland area at the various Walt Disney Parks and Resorts worldwide ; these include : Disneyland Park in Anaheim , California , the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista , Florida , Tokyo Disneyland , Disneyland Paris , and Hong Kong Disneyland . The ride features over 300 audio-animatronic children in traditional costumes from cultures around the world , frolicking in a spirit of international unity , and singing the attraction 's title song , which has a theme of global peace .
USS "Carlisle" ( APA-69 ) was a "Gilliam" -class attack transport that served with the US Navy during World War II . Arriving late in the war , she was initially assigned to transport missions and consequently did not participate in any combat operations . The United States Navy ( USN ) is the naval warfare service branch of the United States Armed Forces and one of the seven uniformed services of the United States . The U.S. Navy is the largest , most capable navy in the world , with the highest combined battle fleet tonnage . The U.S. Navy has the world 's largest aircraft carrier fleet , with eleven in service , one in the reserve fleet , and two new carriers under construction . The service has 322,421 personnel on active duty and 107,577 in the Navy Reserve . It has 276 deployable combat vessels and more than 3,700 operational aircraft as of 2017 .
Tim Andrew is a British film director , television director and television producer . His television directing credits include "Black Scopion" , "Son of the Beach" , "Undressed" , "Mix It Up" , "Supernatural" and "Teen Wolf" , where he is currently the executive producer and frequent director along with Russell Mulcahy . Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV . It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as "Stiles" Stilinski , Scott 's best friend . The series has received generally positive reviews from critics and is a fan favorite on social media .
Thomas Leo "Tom" Clancy Jr. ( April 12 , 1947 – October 1 , 2013 ) was an American novelist best known for his technically detailed espionage and military-science story lines set during and after the Cold War . Seventeen of his novels were bestsellers , and more than 100 million copies of his books are in print . His name was also used on movie scripts written by ghost writers , nonfiction books on military subjects , and video games . He was a part-owner of the Baltimore Orioles and vice-chairman of their community activities and public affairs committees . Locked On is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and co-authored by Mark Greaney . It was published on December 13 , 2011 , alongside the unabridged audio book version , read by Lou Diamond Phillips . The novel follows on from 2010 's "Dead or Alive" and is based approximately a year after the events of that novel .
Albanians in Montenegro ( , Albanian : "Shqiptarët e Malit të Zi" ) constitute 4.91 % of the county 's total population . Albanians of Montenegro are Ghegs who mainly live in southeastern and eastern Montenegro , mainly in the following municipalities : Ulcinj ( 71 % of population ) , Plav ( 19 % ) , Bar ( 6 % ) , Podgorica ( 5 % ) and Rožaje ( 5 % ) . The Albanian Coalition "Perspective" is an Albanian political party in Montenegro .
Conscription in the United States , commonly known as the draft , has been employed by the federal government of the United States in four conflicts : the American Civil War , World War I , World War II , and the Cold War ( including both the Korean and Vietnam Wars ) . The third incarnation of the draft came into being in 1940 through the Selective Training and Service Act . It was the country 's first peacetime draft . From 1940 until 1973 , during both peacetime and periods of conflict , men were drafted to fill vacancies in the United States Armed Forces that could not be filled through voluntary means . The draft was ended when the United States Armed Forces moved to an all-volunteer military force . However , the Selective Service System remains in place as a contingency plan ; all male civilians between the ages of 18 and 25 are required to register so that a draft can be readily resumed if needed . Rostker v. Goldberg , 453 U.S. 57 ( 1981 ) , was a decision of the United States Supreme Court holding that the practice of requiring only men to register for the draft was constitutional . After extensive hearings , floor debate and committee sessions on the matter , the United States Congress enacted the law , as it had previously been , to apply to men only . Several attorneys , including Robert L. Goldberg , subsequently challenged the gender distinction as unconstitutional . ( The named defendant is Bernard D. Rostker , Director of the Selective Service System . ) In a 6-3 decision , the Supreme Court held that this gender distinction was not a violation of the equal protection component of the due process clause , and that the Act would stand as passed .
Glendale is a city in Los Angeles County , California , United States . Its estimated 2014 population was 200,167 , making it the third largest city in Los Angeles County and the 23rd-largest city in California . It is located about 8 miles ( 13 km ) north of downtown Los Angeles . Creation Entertainment is an American for-profit entertainment company located in Glendale , California , which produces fan conventions for fans of various films and television series , mainly in the science fiction , horror , and fantasy genres . Creation Entertainment hosts about 20 conventions annually in various locations such as Chicago , Illinois ; and Burbank , California . Creation was founded in 1971 by comic book fans Gary Berman and Adam Malin in New York City . Since then , it has organized over 2,300 conventions .
Knocking Piece II is a piece of music by Ben Johnston . It is a continuation of Knocking Piece I . In both pieces , Johnston calls to demonstrate unconventional methods of playing conventional instruments . In Knocking Piece II , percussionists use bouncy balls , brushes on their playing surfaces as they also use a deck of cards for instructions . Benjamin Burwell Johnston , Jr. ( born March 15 , 1926 in Macon , Georgia ) is a composer of contemporary music in just intonation : "one of the foremost composers of microtonal music" . He was called , "one of the best non-famous composers this country has to offer" in 1990 , by American critic John Rockwell .
Rex Riot , born Nicholas Rex Valente , is an electronic music producer . He is known for his work with Nintendo , for their 2012 Wii U Campaign , and various work including a popular remix of Kanye West 's "All of the Lights" , which he produced with Infuze . He currently has releases under Play Me Records , Heavy Artillery Records , and an upcoming album scheduled for release in summer 2013 . "All of the Lights" is a song by American rapper Kanye West , as the fourth single from his fifth studio album , "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" ( 2010 ) . It was produced by West and features additional vocals from several other recording artists , including John Legend , The-Dream , Elly Jackson , Alicia Keys , Fergie , Kid Cudi , Elton John , Drake , and Rihanna ; the latter is the only credited feature on the single .
George Albert Smith Sr. ( April 4 , 1870 – April 4 , 1951 ) was an American religious leader who served as the eighth president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) . Wong Jing ( born 3 May 1955 ) is a Hong Kong film director , producer , actor , presenter , and screenwriter . A prolific filmmaker with strong instincts for crowd-pleasing and publicity , Wong Jin has played a prominent role in the Hong Kong cinema of the last quarter-century .
Philippa ( Pippa ) Lucy Hinchley ( born 7 April 1966 ) is an English actress who played Elaine Fenwick in "Coronation Street" . She has also been in "The Bill" , "Bugs" , "Doctors" , "Holby City" and "EastEnders" . One of her earliest TV roles was as a teenaged holidaymaker in Michael Palin 's drama "East of Ipswich" ( 1986 ) , set in Southwold in the 1950s . She also appeared in the films "Secret Places" ( 1984 ) , "Dead Man 's Folly" ( 1986 ) and "The Dressmaker" ( 1988 ) , and on TV in "Last of the Summer Wine" , "People Like Us" and "Touch" . Coronation Street ( informally known as Corrie ) is a British soap opera created by Granada Television and shown on ITV since 9 December 1960 . The programme centres on Coronation Street in Weatherfield , a fictional town based on inner-city Salford , its terraced houses , café , corner shop , newsagents , building yard , taxicab office , salon , restaurant , textile factory and the Rovers Return pub . In the show 's fictional history , the street was built in 1902 and named in honour of the coronation of King Edward VII .
Wayne Wang ( ; born January 12 , 1949 ) is a Hong Kong-born American film director . W. D. Richter ( born December 7 , 1945 , New Britain , Connecticut ) is a screenwriter and film director and producer . He is best known for adapting "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" , directing "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension" and co-writing "Big Trouble in Little China" .
Robert Grosvenor , 1st Marquess of Westminster , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 22 March 1767 – 17 February 1845 ) was the son of the 1st Earl Grosvenor , whom he succeeded in 1802 as 2nd Earl Grosvenor . He was created Marquess of Westminster in 1831 . He was an English Member of Parliament ( MP ) and an ancestor of the modern-day Dukes of Westminster . Grosvenor continued to develop the family 's London estates , he rebuilt their country house , Eaton Hall in Cheshire where he also restored the gardens , and built a new London home , Grosvenor House . He maintained and extended the family interests in the acquisition of works of art , and in horse racing and breeding racehorses . The Nassak Diamond ( also known as the Nassac Diamond and the Eye of the Idol ) is a large , 43.38 carat diamond that originated as a larger 89 carat diamond in the 15th century in India . Found in the Amaragiri mine located in Mahbubnagar , Telangana , India , and originally cut in India , the diamond was the adornment in the Trimbakeshwar Shiva Temple , near Nashik , in the state of Maharashtra , India from at least 1500 to 1817 . The British East India Company captured the diamond through the Third Anglo-Maratha War and sold it to British jewellers Rundell and Bridge in 1818 . Rundell and Bridge recut the diamond in 1818 , after which it made its way into the handle of the 1st Marquess of Westminster 's dress sword .
"Ms. Jackson" is a song by American alternative hip hop duo OutKast . It was released on October 3 , 2000 , as the second single from their fourth album , "Stankonia" . It topped the US charts , and won a 2002 Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group . It also reached number one in Germany and number two in the United Kingdom , held from the top spot by Atomic Kitten 's "Whole Again" . In October 2011 , "NME" placed it at number 81 on its list of the "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years" and in June of the same year "Rolling Stone" ranked it at number 55 in their "100 Best Songs of the 2000s" . "So Fresh , So Clean" is the third and final single to be released from Outkast 's fourth studio album , "Stankonia" . It features uncredited vocals from singer Sleepy Brown . It was produced by longtime collaborators Organized Noize . The music video features the duo and Sleepy Brown performing on a variety of CGI backgrounds , a beauty parlor , and a church . Ludacris , Layzie Bone of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony , Chilli of TLC and members of Goodie Mob make cameo appearances in the video . The song was a moderate success , reaching # 30 on the "Billboard" charts , # 46 on the ARIA charts and further propelling the sales of "Stankonia" after the success of "Ms. Jackson" . Among the things and people mentioned in the song are the Chevrolet Monte Carlo and Cadillac Eldorado ( both General Motors cars ) , the television show "Showtime At The Apollo" and its longtime host Kiki Sheppard , and the R & B singers Teddy Pendergrass and Freddie Jackson . It appeared on the soundtrack for the video game NBA 2K18 .
Ruddles Brewery ( G. Ruddle & Co ) was an English brewery . The brand is now owned by Greene King who still brew beers under the Ruddles name in Suffolk , although the current recipes are not those used at the original brewery . Greene King is the UK 's largest pub retailer and brewer . It is based in Bury St Edmunds , Suffolk , England . The company owns pubs , restaurants and hotels . It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index .
The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino is a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , United States , on the site of the old Sands Hotel . Designed by KlingStubbins , the hotel tower contains 36 stories and rises 475 ft . The Venetian is owned and operated by Las Vegas Sands . The Venetian also serves as the seat of the corporate headquarters for its parent company . The 58th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards was held on January 8 , 2007 . The National Television Academy announced the winners at The Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas . DIRECTV 's Eddy Hartenstein received the Lifetime Achievement Award for his role in the company 's becoming a global provider of digital television .
The Red Queen 's Race is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov ; it uses the Red Queen 's race from Lewis Carroll 's "Through the Looking-Glass" as a metaphor for the final plot twist . The story also makes reference to Asimov 's psychohistory . "The Red Queen 's Race" was first published in the January 1949 issue of "Astounding Science Fiction" and reprinted in the 1972 collection "The Early Asimov" . Through the Looking-Glass , and What Alice Found There ( 1871 ) is a novel by Lewis Carroll ( Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ) , the sequel to "Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland" ( 1865 ) . Set some six months later than the earlier book , Alice again enters a fantastical world , this time by climbing through a mirror into the world that she can see beyond it . "Through the Looking-Glass" includes such celebrated verses as "Jabberwocky" and "The Walrus and the Carpenter" , and the episode involving Tweedledum and Tweedledee . The mirror which inspired Carroll remains displayed in Charlton Kings .
Hires Root Beer is a soft drink which is marketed by Dr Pepper Snapple Group . Introduced in 1876 , it is considered the second longest continuously made soft drink in the United States . Only Vernors Ginger Ale , dating to 1866 , is older . Lucozade is a soft drink marketed as a range of sports and energy drinks . Created in 1927 as "Glucozade" by a Newcastle pharmacist , William Owen , as an energy source for the sick , it was renamed Lucozade in 1929 and acquired by Beecham 's in 1938 .
"Special K" is a single by British alternative rock band Placebo , released on 19 March 2001 on CD and 12" vinyl , taken from their third album , "Black Market Music" . The title is slang for Ketamine , and the song itself is supposed to explore "the link between drugs and love ," and "" Special K" is uppers and the rush of falling in love ." Ketamine , sold under the brand name Ketalar among others , is a medication mainly used for starting and maintaining anesthesia . It induces a trance-like state while providing pain relief , sedation , and memory loss . Other uses include for chronic pain and for sedation in intensive care . Heart function , breathing , and airway reflexes generally remain functional during its effects . Effects typically begin within five minutes when given by injection with the main effects lasting up to 25 minutes .
Mis'ry 's Comin ' Aroun is a once-neglected song from the 1927 musical "Show Boat" by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II . It was cut from the production during the Washington D.C. tryout on the orders of producer Florenz Ziegfeld , supposedly because it was one of the factors that made the show too long ( it ran four-and-a-half hours when it premiered ) . However , musical theatre historian Miles Kreuger and conductor John McGlinn , also suggest that it was the dark , dramatic tone of the piece that most concerned Ziegfeld . Kern was reportedly so incensed by the deletion of "Mis'ry 's Comin ' Aroun" that he made it the principal motif of Show Boat 's original overture and asked orchestrator Robert Russell Bennett to work sections of it into the background music as well , where it is now played by the orchestra during some of the dialogue scenes involving the mixed race actress Julie La Verne . Oscar Greeley Clendenning Hammerstein II ( ; July 12 , 1895 – August 23 , 1960 ) was an American librettist , theatrical producer , and ( usually uncredited ) theatre director of musicals for almost forty years . Hammerstein won eight Tony Awards and two Academy Awards for Best Original Song . Many of his songs are standard repertoire for vocalist 's and jazz musicians . He co-wrote 850 songs . Hammerstein was the lyricist and playwright in his partnerships ; his collaborators wrote the music . Hammerstein collaborated with numerous composers , such as Jerome Kern , with whom he wrote "Show Boat" , Vincent Youmans , Rudolf Friml , Richard A. Whiting and Sigmund Romberg ; but he is best known for his collaborations with Richard Rodgers , as the duo Rodgers and Hammerstein which include "Oklahoma ! ", "Carousel" , "South Pacific" , "The King and I" , and "The Sound of Music" .
Abel Makkonen Tesfaye ( born February 16 1990 ) , known professionally as The Weeknd ( pronounced "the weekend" ) , is a Canadian singer , songwriter and record producer . Hndrxx ( stylized as HNDRXX and pronounced "Hendrix" ) is the sixth studio album by American rapper Future . It was released on February 24 , 2017 , by A1 Recordings , Freebandz and Epic Records . It followed the release of Future 's fifth eponymously titled album , "Future" ( 2017 ) , by one week , and features guest appearances from Rihanna , The Weeknd , Chris Brown and Nicki Minaj . "Hndrxx" is also eponymously named after Future 's alter-ego , Future Hendrix .
The URL with Phred Show is an American television series originally airing on Noggin . It acts as a spin-off series to "Phred on Your Head Show" and aired from September 10 , 2001 until March 31 , 2002 . Phred on Your Head Show is an American children 's television series starring Doug Preis . The series aired from July 26 , 1999 to March 31 , 2002 on Noggin ( now Nick Jr. ) .
Isabella Kelly , née Fordyce , also Isabella Hedgeland ( born at Cairnburgh Castle in the Scottish Highlands and baptised on 4 May 1759 – died on 25 June 1857 in London ) was a Scottish novelist and poet . Cairnburgh Castle is a ruined castle that is located on the islands of Cairn na Burgh Mòr and Cairn na Burgh Beag , Argyll and Bute , Scotland . These islands are at the northern extremity of the Treshnish Isles at the mouth of Loch Tuath , Mull north of Iona . 1991 's "The Changing Scottish Landscape" characterizes it as "one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain ... [ and ] also one of the strangest ."
Marc Preston Webb ( born August 31 , 1974 ) is an American music video , short film , and film director . He made his feature film directorial debut with the 2009 romantic comedy-drama "( 500 ) Days of Summer" , and went on to direct the 2012 "Spider-Man" reboot "The Amazing Spider-Man" , its 2014 sequel , "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" , and the 2017 comedy-drama films "Gifted" and "The Only Living Boy in New York" . Tony Kaye ( born 8 July 1952 ) is a British director of films , music videos , advertisements , and documentaries .
In plumbing , a trap is a device which has a shape that uses a bending path to capture water to prevent sewer gases from entering buildings , while allowing waste to pass through . In refinery applications , traps are used to prevent hydrocarbons and other dangerous gases from escaping outside through drains . A Buchan Trap ( alternative names : "Bristol interceptor" , "interceptor trap" and "disconnecting trap" ) is a device made from fireclay located in a domestic sewer pipe to prevent vermin entering the pipe . The trap uses a water seal to prevent rats and mice climbing any further along the pipe . Waste flows from the house through a U-bend in the trap . This means that there is always water in the pipe preventing the passage of anything from the other direction . The device is a large clay U-bend with air-inlets and vents at the top . It is located below the ground level , but can be accessed through the air-inlet and a rodding hole . This hole allows drain rods to unblock anything located at the bottom of the U-bend .
Albert Einstein ( 14 March 1879 – 18 April 1955 ) was a German-born theoretical physicist . Einstein developed the theory of relativity , one of the two pillars of modern physics ( alongside quantum mechanics ) . Einstein 's work is also known for its influence on the philosophy of science . Einstein is best known by the general public for his mass–energy equivalence formula "E" = "mc" ( which has been dubbed "the world 's most famous equation" ) . He received the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his services to theoretical physics , and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect" , a pivotal step in the evolution of quantum theory . The Cosmic catastrophe is a thought experiment in which the sun were to instantaneously disappear . The question is what would then happen to the earth and the other planets orbiting the sun . According to Isaac Newton 's classical theory of gravity , the planets would immediately cease to move in circular motion , and due to inertia would start traveling in a straight line . Albert Einstein saw a deficiency in Newton 's theory . Due to the finiteness of the speed of light , it would take a certain amount of time before the darkness from the sun 's absence would reach the orbiting planet . Therefore , why would the planet instantaneously start traveling in a straight line before the arrival of information that the sun 's disappearance has occurred ?
The Greek alphabet has been used to write the Greek language since the late 9th century BC or early 8th century BC . It was derived from the earlier Phoenician alphabet , and was the first alphabetic script to have distinct letters for vowels as well as consonants . It is the ancestor of the Latin and Cyrillic scripts . Apart from its use in writing the Greek language , in both its ancient and its modern forms , the Greek alphabet today also serves as a source of technical symbols and labels in many domains of mathematics , science and other fields . Ilysiakos B.C . ( Greek : Ηλυσιακός Κ.Α.Ε . ) is a Greek professional basketball team that is located in the Ilisia neighborhood of Zografou , Athens , Greece . The club 's name is said to be a reference to Elysium , which is why the club 's name and logo beings with a Greek alphabet Η , instead of an Ι , even though the name of Ilissia , where the club is based , begins with an Ι in Greek . However , when the name is translated into the English alphabet , the H becomes an I .
Heinrich August Marschner ( 16 August 1795 – 14 December 1861 ) was the most important composer of German opera between Weber and Wagner . Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst von Weber ( 18 or 19 November 1786 5 June 1826 ) was a German composer , conductor , pianist , guitarist and critic , and was one of the first significant composers of the Romantic school .
Garry Kent Marshall ( November 13 , 1934 – July 19 , 2016 ) was an American actor , director , producer , writer , and voice artist best known for creating "Happy Days" and its various spin-offs , developing Neil Simon 's 1965 play "The Odd Couple" for television , and directing "Pretty Woman" , "Runaway Bride" , "Valentine 's Day" , "New Year 's Eve" , "Mother 's Day" , "" The Princess Diaries" , and "" . He provided the voice of Buck Cluck in "Chicken Little" . Helene Bertha Amalie "Leni" Riefenstahl ( ] ; 22 August 1902 – 8 September 2003 ) was a German film director , producer , screenwriter , editor , photographer , actress and dancer .
Chad Gray ( born October 16 , 1971 ) , is the lead vocalist for the groove metal supergroup Hellyeah and former lead vocalist for American heavy metal band Mudvayne . Richard Allan Peterson ( September 12 , 1946 – October 12 , 2009 ) was an American musician , best known as the bassist and lead singer for Blue Cheer . He also recorded two solo albums : "Child of the Darkness" and "Tramp" .
Asking Alexandria are an English rock band from York , North Yorkshire consisting of lead vocalist Danny Worsnop , guitarists Ben Bruce and Cameron Liddell , drummer James Cassells and bassist Sam Bettley . Killing You is a song by English Metalcore band Asking Alexandria . It is the band 's second single from their third studio album , "From Death to Destiny" . The single was released on 16 July 2013 .
Gainesville is the county seat and largest city in Alachua County , Florida , United States , and the principal city of the Gainesville , Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) . The population of Gainesville in the 2013 US Census estimates was 127,488 , a 2.4 % growth from 2010 . Gainesville is the largest city in the region of North Central Florida . It is also a component of the Gainesville-Lake City Combined Statistical Area , which had a 2013 population of 337,925 . Cooperative Living Organization ( formerly Collegiate Living Organization ) or CLO in Gainesville , Florida , is one of the oldest continuously operating independent student-governed cooperative living organizations in the United States . The 80-year-old organization has provided over 2000 financially disadvantaged students an opportunity for a University of Florida education while providing experience in independent and socially responsible living by pooled resources and self-governance .
John Alexander ( born 5 October 1955 ) is an English former footballer who holds the post of club secretary at Manchester United . Born in Liverpool , Alexander began his football career with a club called Ulysses , before being picked up by Millwall , for whom he made his league debut in 1976 . After scoring twice in 15 appearances over the course of two years with Millwall , he moved to Reading ; he enjoyed greater success with Reading , scoring nine goals in 25 games . In 1981 , he joined Northampton Town , but spent just one season with them before retiring from football at the age of 26 in 1982 . Upon retiring from football , Alexander got a job with the BBC , but he later returned to football as club secretary at Watford . In 2000 , he took up the same post at Tottenham Hotspur , spending 10 years there before applying for the same job at Manchester United , where he would replace the retiring Ken Ramsden . He took over at Manchester United on 1 July 2010 . He is the uncle of Liverpool player Trent Alexander-Arnold . Trent John Alexander-Arnold ( born 7 October 1998 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Premier League club Liverpool . He is an academy graduate of Liverpool and made his senior debut for the club in 2016 , aged 18 . The following year , he won the club 's Young Player of the Season award . He has also represented England at all youth levels from under-16 through to under-19 . Due to the length of his name , his surname is shortened to Alexander for Premier League fixtures .
The Gettysburg Address is a speech by U.S. President Abraham Lincoln , one of the best-known in American history . It was delivered by Lincoln during the American Civil War , on the afternoon of Thursday , November 19 , 1863 , at the dedication of the Soldiers ' National Cemetery in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , four and a half months after the Union armies defeated those of the Confederacy at the Battle of Gettysburg . Richard Douglas Heffner ( August 5 , 1925 – December 17 , 2013 ) was the creator and host of "The Open Mind ," a public affairs television show first broadcast in 1956 . He was a University Professor of Communications and Public Policy at Rutgers University and also taught an honors seminar at New York University . He was the author of "A Documentary History of the United States ," a verbatim anthology of important public documents in American history , among them the Declaration of Independence , the Gettysburg Address and Martin Luther King 's Letter from a Birmingham Jail . Heffner collaborated with Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel on the publication of "Conversations With Elie Wiesel" , released by Schochen books in 2001 .
Olav V ( born Prince Alexander of Denmark ; 2 July 1903 – 17 January 1991 ) was King of Norway from 1957 until his death . Newcastle Civic Centre is a local government building located in the Haymarket area of Newcastle upon Tyne , England . It is the main administrative and ceremonial centre for Newcastle City Council . Designed by the city architect , George Kenyon , the building was completed in 1967 and was formally opened by HM King Olav V of Norway on 14 November 1968 . It is a Grade II * listed building . The Newcastle Civic Centre is the joint eighth tallest building in the city .
Lou Cutell ( born October 6 , 1930 ) is an American movie and television actor . He portrayed the proctologist , Dr. Cooperman , in "The Fusilli Jerry" episode of the television series "Seinfeld" and Leo Funkhouser on "Curb Your Enthusiasm" . Among cult movie fans , he is best known for his portrayal of Dr. Nadir in "Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster" , and he can be briefly seen in "Pee-wee 's Big Adventure" as Amazing Larry . In 1998 , he also played a small role in "The Odd Couple II" as Abe , one of Oscar Madison ( Walter Matthau ) 's card-playing friends in Sarasota , Florida . Recently , he was a series regular on the NBC show , "Betty White 's Off Their Rockers" . In 2013 , he appeared on the "How I Met Your Mother" episode "Last Time in New York" . "Last Time in New York" is the third episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" , and the 187th episode overall .
The 1984 South Asian Games ( or 1st SAF Games ) was the first edition of South Asian Games . It was held in Kathmandu , Nepal from September 17 to 23 , 1984 . Julian Bolling ( June 19 , 1966 ) is a Sri Lankan medal winning swimmer who has represented his country at numerous international competitions . He has won 15 gold medals for Sri Lanka at South Asian Games between 1984 to 1991 . He also represented Sri Lanka at the three Olympic games , firstly at Los Angeles ( USA ) in 1984 , then at Seoul ( South Korea ) in 1988 , and finally at Barcelona ( Spain ) in 1992 . He is the son of Tara Bolling and cousin of Dipika Chanmugam , both of whom have represented Sri Lanka internationally . Bolling 's best performance at an international meet was at the Colombo South Asian Games where he won six Gold medals . His record was unbeaten until 2016 when Mathew Abeysinghe broke the record by winning 7 Golds in India .
Logar ( Pashto : لوګر‎ ; Dari : لوگَر‎ ‎ ) is one of the 34 provinces of Afghanistan , located in the eastern section of the country . It is divided into seven districts and contains hundreds of villages . Puli Alam is the capital of the province . Baraki Barak District is situated in the western part of Logar Province , Afghanistan . It borders Wardak Province to the west and northwest , Pul-i-Alam District to the north and east and Kharwar and Charkh districts to the south . The population is 101,000 ( 2006 ) . The district center is the town of Baraki Barak - the former provincial capital , located in the northern part of the district in the valley of the Logar River . Baraki Rajan is another important town of this district which lies 4 km away from district center .
Fazoli 's is an Italian-American fast casual restaurant chain based out of Lexington , Kentucky . It was founded in 1988 and is now owned by Seed Restaurant Group , Inc. Today , there are more than 200 Fazoli 's located nationwide with plans to expand overseas . The restaurant chain specializes in Italian cuisine and dishes . Carl Howard is the company 's president and CEO . Vocelli Pizza ( formerly Pizza Outlet ) is a pizzeria based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . s of 2008 , the chain has stores in the District of Columbia , Florida , Maryland , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Virginia , and West Virginia . The trade magazine "Pizza Today" ranked Vocelli Pizza in their Top 100 pizza franchises for 2007 , based on its 2006 sales of $ 55 million .
The Tugurt language , also known as Oued Righ Berber and Temacine Tamazight , is a Zenati Berber variety spoken in some of the oases of the northeastern Oued Righ region around Touggourt in Algeria . s of 1893 , its main speech area was in Temacine , Blidet-Amor , Meggarine and Ghomra . It is closely related to the nearby Tumzabt ( Mozabite ) and Teggargrent ( Ouargli ) languages . The Berber languages , also known as Berber or the Amazigh languages ( Berber name : "Tamaziɣt" , "Tamazight" ; Neo-Tifinagh : ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵖⵜ , Tuareg Tifinagh : ⵜⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵗⵜ , ⵝⴰⵎⴰⵣⵉⵗⵝ , ] , ] ) , are a family of similar and closely related languages and dialects spoken by the Berbers indigenous to North Africa . The Berber languages constitute a branch of the Afroasiatic family . They were traditionally written with the ancient Libyco-Berber script , which now exists in the form of Tifinagh .
Matthew Abraham "Matt" Groening ( ; born February 15 , 1954 ) is an American cartoonist , writer , producer , animator , and voice actor . He is the creator of the comic strip "Life in Hell" ( 1977–2012 ) and the television series "The Simpsons" ( 1989–present ) , "Futurama" ( 1999–2003 , 2008–2013 ) , and the upcoming "Disenchantment" ( 2018 ) . "The Simpsons" has gone on to become the longest-running U.S. primetime-television series in history , as well as the longest-running animated series and sitcom . Ian Boothby is a multiple Shuster Award , Harvey Award and Eisner Award nominee and an Eisner Award–winning comic book creator best known for his work as the lead writer on "Simpsons Comics" and "Futurama Comics" for Matt Groening 's Bongo Comics . Boothby has written more "Simpsons Comics" than any other writer . He has also worked on various Canadian television series and is a well known stand-up , sketch and improv comedian working in the Vancouver area . He co-created Free Willie Shakespeare for the Vancouver Theatresports League which won the Jessie Richardson Theatre Award for Excellence in Interactive Theatre .
Casey Austin Keenum ( born February 17 , 1988 ) is an American football quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football for Houston , where he became the NCAA 's all-time leader in total passing yards , touchdowns , and completions . He was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2012 , and has also played for the St. Louis/Los Angeles Rams . Daniel Terrence LeFevour ( born March 19 , 1987 ) is a Canadian football quarterback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the sixth round of the 2010 NFL Draft . He played college football at Central Michigan University . Known as a dual-threat quarterback , LeFevour had the most total touchdowns in NCAA history until being surpassed by Case Keenum in 2011 .
Reliance Industries Limited ( RIL ) is an Indian conglomerate holding company headquartered in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India . Reliance owns businesses across India engaged in energy , petrochemicals , textiles , natural resources , retail , and telecommunications . Reliance is the most profitable company in India , the largest publicly traded company in India by market capitalization , and the second largest company in India as measured by revenue after the government-controlled Indian Oil Corporation . The company is ranked 215th on the "Fortune Global 500" list of the world 's biggest corporations as of 2016 . It is ranked 8th among the Top 250 Global Energy Companies by Platts as of 2016 . Reliance continues to be India ’ s largest exporter accounting for 8 % of India ’ s total merchandise exports with a value of Rs 147,755 crore and access to markets in 108 countries.Reliance is responsible for almost 5 % of India ’ s total revenues from customs and excise duty and is also the highest Income tax payer in the private sector in India . Reliance Cricket Stadium is cricket stadium in Nagothane , Maharashtra . Previously , the stadium was known as Indian Petrochemicals Corporation Limited Ground . The ground owned by Reliance Industries .
Our Stories Films is an American film studio founded on July 13 , 2006 by Robert L. Johnson producing "comedic , family-friendly feature films for African American and urban audiences" . It began as a joint venture between RLJ Companies and The Weinstein Company . On August 31 , 2006 , it was announced that Tracey Edmonds was named president and chief operating officer of Our Stories Films , making her the first African American to head a film studio . The Weinstein Company ( usually credited or abbreviated as TWC ) is a mini-major film studio , founded in New York City by Bob and Harvey Weinstein in 2005 . The studio originated after the Weinsteins left Miramax Films , which they co-founded in 1979 . They retained ownership of Dimension Films . TWC is one of the largest mini-major film studios in North America .
"Das Bus" is the fourteenth episode of "The Simpsons" < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > ninth season . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 15 , 1998 . In an extended parody of "Lord of the Flies" , Bart , Lisa and other children from Springfield Elementary School are stranded on an island and are forced to work together . Meanwhile , Homer founds his own Internet company . It was written by David S. Cohen and directed by Pete Michels . Guest star James Earl Jones narrates the final scene of the episode . David Samuel Cohen ( born July 13 , 1966 ) , better known as David X. Cohen , is an American television writer . He has written for "The Simpsons" and served as the head writer and executive producer of "Futurama" .
Solomon Elimimian ( born October 21 , 1986 ) is a Canadian football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He was named the CFL 's Most Outstanding Rookie in 2010 . In 2014 , he won the CFL 's Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award and Most Outstanding Player Award . Elimimian is the first purely defensive player to win the league 's Most Outstanding Player Award as well as the first player to win three different CFL awards in his career . He played college football for the Hawaii Warriors and attended Crenshaw High School in South Los Angeles , California . The Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team represents the University of Hawaii at Manoa in NCAA Division I FBS college football . On November 27 , 2015 , Nick Rolovich was hired as the new head football coach at the University of Hawaii replacing Norm Chow . It was part of the Western Athletic Conference until July 2012 , when the team joined the Mountain West Conference .
Matthew Frederick Robert Good ( born June 29 , 1971 ) is a Canadian rock musician . He was the lead singer and songwriter for the Matthew Good Band , one of Canada 's most successful alternative rock bands in the 1990s , before dissolving the band in 2002 . In the years since the Matthew Good Band 's disbanding , Good has pursued a solo career and established himself as a political and mental health activist . Modern Baseball is an American rock band from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Bartlett 's Bridge is a historic stone arch bridge carrying Clara Barton Road over the French River in Oxford , Massachusetts . The bridge was built in 1889 to a design by Charles A. Allen , at the time a civil engineer for the city of Worcester . The bridge was built to replace an older wooden span at the request of Edwin Bartlett , the owner of textile mills in North Oxford , whose businesses and employees would have used the road . The bridge is 30 ft long and 42 ft wide , with its elliptical arch reaching a height of 13 ft above the river . The facing of the bridge is rough-cut granite that has been fixed with mortar . In contrast , the granite stones that make up the arch have been very precisely worked . The bridge has parapet walls made of large granite slabs 4.5 ft , 2 ft wide , and 1 ft thick . Worcester ( , ] ) is a city and the county seat of Worcester County , Massachusetts , United States . Named after Worcester , England , as of the 2010 Census the city 's population was 181,045 , making it the second most populous city in New England after Boston . Worcester is located approximately 40 mi west of Boston , 50 mi east of Springfield and 40 mi north of Providence . Due to its location in Central Massachusetts , Worcester is known as the "Heart of the Commonwealth" , thus , a heart is the official symbol of the city . However , the heart symbol may also have its provenance in lore that the mass-produced Valentine 's Day card was invented in the city .
Miller v. California , 413 U.S. 15 ( 1973 ) is a landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court wherein the court redefined its definition of obscenity from that of “ utterly without socially redeeming value ” to that which lacks "serious literary , artistic , political , or scientific value ." It is now referred to as the three-prong standard or the Miller test , with the third prong being informally known by the initialism and mnemonic device "SLAPS" or the term "SLAPS test ." Gates v. Collier , 501 F.2d 1291 ( 5th Cir . 1974 ) , was a landmark case decided in U.S. federal court that brought an end to the Trusty system and the flagrant inmate abuse that accompanied it at Mississippi State Penitentiary ( Parchman ) in Sunflower County , Mississippi . It was the first case in a body of law developed in the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals holding that a variety of forms of corporal punishment against prisoners constituted cruel and unusual punishment and a violation of Eighth Amendment rights . This case was also the first broad-scale intervention by a court in the supervision of prison practices .
The Kenyon Review is a literary magazine based in Gambier , Ohio , US , home of Kenyon College . "The Review" was founded in 1939 by John Crowe Ransom , critic and professor of English at Kenyon College , who served as its editor until 1959 . "The Review" has published early works by generations of important writers , including Robert Penn Warren , Ford Madox Ford , Robert Lowell , Delmore Schwartz , Flannery O'Connor , Boris Pasternak , Bertolt Brecht , Peter Taylor , Dylan Thomas , Anthony Hecht , Maya Angelou , Rita Dove , Derek Walcott , Thomas Pynchon , Woody Allen , Louise Erdrich , William Empson , Linda Gregg , Mark Van Doren , Kenneth Burke , and Ha Jin . Robert Penn Warren ( April 24 , 1905 – September 15 , 1989 ) was an American poet , novelist , and literary critic and was one of the founders of New Criticism . He was also a charter member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers . He founded the literary journal "The Southern Review" with Cleanth Brooks in 1935 . He received the 1947 Pulitzer Prize for the Novel for his novel "All the King 's Men" ( 1946 ) and the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1958 and 1979 . He is the only person to have won Pulitzer Prizes for both fiction and poetry .
Warcraft ( alternatively known as Warcraft : The Beginning ) is a 2016 American action fantasy film directed by Duncan Jones and written by Jones , Charles Leavitt , and Chris Metzen . It is based on the video game series of the same name and the novels set in the world of Azeroth . The film stars Travis Fimmel , Paula Patton , Ben Foster , Dominic Cooper , Toby Kebbell , Ben Schnetzer , Robert Kazinsky , Clancy Brown , and Daniel Wu . The film portrays the initial encounters between the humans and the orcs and takes place in a variety of locations established in the video game series . Tobias Alistair Patrick "Toby" Kebbell ( born 9 July 1982 ) is an English stage and film actor . He is known for his roles in films such as "Dead Man 's Shoes" ( 2004 ) , "RocknRolla" ( 2008 ) , "" ( 2010 ) , "War Horse" ( 2011 ) , "Wrath of the Titans" ( 2012 ) , "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" ( 2014 ) , "Fantastic Four" ( 2015 ) , "Warcraft" ( 2016 ) , "A Monster Calls" ( 2016 ) , and "Gold" ( 2016 ) . He is also known for his work in the "Black Mirror" episode , "The Entire History of You" .
Kelsea Nicole Ballerini ( born September 12 , 1993 ) is an American country pop singer and songwriter . She is signed to Black River Entertainment , and released her first album "The First Time" in 2015 . She received a nomination for Best New Artist at the 2017 Grammy Awards . Shani Gandhi is an Australian music producer/engineer based in Nashville , Tennessee . A native of Perth , she moved to Ithaca , New York in 2007 , to pursue a Bachelor of Music degree at Ithaca College . Her career in Nashville has paired her with such producers as Gary Paczosa , Michael Wagener , Neal Cappellino , and Marshall Altman . Gandhi has engineered and mixed albums for the likes of Alison Krauss & Union Station , George Jones & The Smoky Mountain Boys , Kelsea Ballerini , Sarah Jarosz , and Parker Millsap .
All in This Tea is a 2007 documentary film co-directed by Les Blank and Gina Leibrecht , about Chinese tea . It follows the American tea connoisseur David Lee Hoffman as he travels to remote tea-growing areas of China . Hoffman attempts to interest Chinese tea growers and distributors in fair trade issues , and explores the importance of terroir and organic growing methods in both the quality and future sustainability of the Chinese tea market . Super High Me is a 2008 documentary film about the effects of smoking cannabis for 30 days . The documentary stars comedian Doug Benson . The documentary 's name and its poster are plays on the 2004 documentary "Super Size Me" .
Gustavus Adolphus College ( ) is a private , coeducational liberal arts college . A four-year , residential institution , Gustavus Adolphus College was founded in 1862 by Swedish Americans and is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America . To this day the school retains Swedish and Lutheran heritage . The premier event on campus is the annual Nobel Conference , which features Nobel Laureates and other scholars explaining their expertise to a general audience . In 2015 , "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Gustavus as the 64th best liberal arts college in the United States . The college is ranked No . 38 for liberal arts colleges on Payscale 's 2016-17 list of highest-paid graduates . Rebecca M. Bergman is the President of Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter , Minnesota . She began her term in July 2014 , and is the first female to serve as President at the college , which was founded in 1862 . Prior to her presidency , she served on the college 's Board of Trustees from 2007 to 2014 . Before becoming President at Gustavus , Bergman was a senior executive at Medtronic .
Robert Gale is principal trombone with The Philadelphia Brass , the Opera Company of Philadelphia , the Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia and a member of the pit orchestra of the Walnut Street Theatre . He has been a member of the music faculties of Swarthmore College and Valley Forge Military Academy and is currently on the faculty of The College of New Jersey . He has performed with the St. Louis and Richmond Symphonies and has recorded extensively for many vocal artists , television and major motion pictures . After graduating from the University of Illinois Bob began fifteen years of touring with the swing bands of Glenn Miller , Les Elgart , Jimmy Dorsey , and Bob Crosby , and the back-up bands for Bob Hope , Johnny Mathis , Donna Summer , Vic Damone , The Temptations , Manhattan Transfer , Natalie Cole and numerous others . LaDonna Adrian Gaines ( December 31 , 1948May 17 , 2012 ) , better known by her stage name Donna Summer , was an American singer , songwriter , and painter . She gained prominence during the disco era of the late 1970s . A five-time Grammy Award winner , Summer was the first artist to have three consecutive double albums reach No . 1 on the United States "Billboard" 200 chart and charted four number-one singles in the U.S. within a 12-month period . Summer has reportedly sold over 140 million records worldwide , making her one of the world 's best-selling artists of all time . She also charted two number-one singles on the R & B charts in the U.S. and a number-one in the U.K .
George Adamski ( 17 April 1891 – 23 April 1965 ) was a Polish American citizen who became widely known in ufology circles , and to some degree in popular culture , after he claimed to have photographed spaceships from other planets , met with friendly Nordic alien Space Brothers , and to have taken flights with them to the Moon and other planets . Reinhold Schmidt ( 1897–1974 ) was a 1957 UFO "contactee" in an era that began with George Adamski in 1953 . Schmidt was born and grew up in Nebraska , where he worked for most of his adult life as a reputable grain buyer and dealer . He became a contactee after telling of his experience on November 5 , 1957 detailed in his book Edge of Tomorrow , when while driving through a rural area near Kearney , Nebraska , he noticed a large , cigar-shaped object resting in a field . He was soon escorted inside the space ship , which turned out to be crewed by completely human-looking space aliens , four male and two female , who apparently spoke perfect German and claimed to be from the planet Saturn . "The Saturnians" also claimed to be interested in the recently launched Russian sputniks , and the satellite-launching plans of the US .
Dangal ( English : "Wrestling competition" ) is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language biographical sports drama film loosely based on the story of Mahavir Singh Phogat , an amateur wrestler , who trains his daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari to be world-class wrestlers . It was directed by Nitesh Tiwari . Produced by Walt Disney Pictures , Aamir Khan Productions and UTV Motion Pictures , it stars Aamir Khan as the father . Both daughters go on to win medals at the 2010 Commonwealth Games . Babita won a silver medal at the Games , in the 51 kg class and gold at the 2014 Glasgow Games in the 55 kg class . In 2012 , Geeta became the first Indian female wrestler to qualify for the Olympics . Mahavir 's efforts inspired dozens of Indian women to take to wrestling . Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra play the older selves of the sisters while Sakshi Tanwar plays their mother and Aparshakti Khurana , their cousin . Darby O'Gill and the Little People is a 1959 Walt Disney Productions feature film starring Albert Sharpe , Janet Munro , Sean Connery and Jimmy O'Dea , in a tale about a wily Irishman and his battle of wits with leprechauns . The film was directed by Robert Stevenson and its screenplay written by Lawrence Edward Watkin after the books of Herminie Templeton Kavanagh .
Otello ( ] ) is an opera in four acts by Giuseppe Verdi to an Italian libretto by Arrigo Boito , based on Shakespeare 's play "Othello" . It was Verdi 's penultimate opera , and was first performed at the Teatro alla Scala , Milan , on 5 February 1887 . After Aida ( original title : "Verdi 's Messiah" ) is a 1985 play-with-music by Julian Mitchell . It is about Giuseppe Verdi , and the pressure put upon him after his attempt to retire from composing . Continued insistent prodding from his friends eventually results in one of his greatest masterpieces , the opera "Otello" , which premiered in 1887 .
Luc Besson ( ] ; born 18 March 1959 ) is a French film director , screenwriter , and producer . He directed or produced the films "Subway" ( 1985 ) , "The Big Blue" ( 1988 ) , and "Nikita" ( 1990 ) . Besson is known for his distinctive filmmaking style and is associated with the movement critics call "Cinéma du look" . He has been nominated for a César Award for Best Director and Best Picture for his films "" and "" . He won Best Director and Best French Director for his sci-fi action film "The Fifth Element" ( 1997 ) . He wrote and directed the 2014 sci-fi thriller film "Lucy" . George Cooper Stevens ( December 18 , 1904 – March 8 , 1975 ) was an American film director , producer , screenwriter and cinematographer .
Francis Bacon , 1st Viscount St Alban , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( ; 22 January 15619 April 1626 ) was an English philosopher , statesman , scientist , jurist , orator , and author . He served both as Attorney General and as Lord Chancellor of England . After his death , he remained extremely influential through his works , especially as philosophical advocate and practitioner of the scientific method during the scientific revolution . James Spedding ( 28 June 1808 – 9 March 1881 ) was an English author , chiefly known as the editor of the works of Francis Bacon .
Psilocybe is a genus of gilled mushrooms growing worldwide . This genus is best known for the species with psychedelic properties . Psilocybin , psilocin and baeocystin are the main psychedelic compounds responsible for the psychoactive effects of many species in the genus . Psilocybin ( ) is a naturally occurring psychedelic prodrug compound produced by more than 200 species of mushrooms , collectively known as psilocybin mushrooms . The most potent are members of the genus "Psilocybe" , such as "P. azurescens" , "P. semilanceata" , and "P. cyanescens" , but psilocybin has also been isolated from about a dozen other genera . As a prodrug , psilocybin is quickly converted by the body to psilocin , which has mind-altering effects similar , in some aspects , to those of LSD , mescaline , and DMT . In general , the effects include euphoria , visual and mental hallucinations , changes in perception , a distorted sense of time , and spiritual experiences , and can include possible adverse reactions such as nausea and panic attacks .
The Game of Life , also known simply as Life , is a board game originally created in 1860 by Milton Bradley , as The Checkered Game of Life . "The Game of Life" was America 's first popular parlour game . The game simulates a person 's travels through his or her life , from college to retirement , with jobs , marriage , and possible children along the way . Two to six players can participate in one game . Variations of the game accommodate eight to ten players . History of the World ( often abbreviated HotW ) is a board game designed by Ragnar Brothers and originally published in 1991 . It is played by up to six different players in seven different epochs ; each player playing a different empire in each epoch .
Michael David Herr ( April 13 , 1940 – June 23 , 2016 ) was an American writer and war correspondent , known as the author of "Dispatches" ( 1977 ) , a memoir of his time as a correspondent for "Esquire magazine" ( 1967–1969 ) during the Vietnam War . The book was called the best "to have been written about the Vietnam War" by "The New York Times Book Review" ; novelist John le Carré called it "the best book I have ever read on men and war in our time ." Herr later was credited with pioneering the literary genre of the nonfiction novel , along with authors such as Truman Capote , Norman Mailer , and Tom Wolfe . Alice Malsenior Walker ( born February 9 , 1944 ) is an American novelist , short story writer , poet , and activist . She wrote the critically acclaimed novel "The Color Purple" ( 1982 ) for which she won the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction . She also wrote the novels "Meridian" ( 1976 ) and "The Third Life of Grange Copeland" ( 1970 ) , among other works .
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( ; Russian : Пётр Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 25 April/7 May 1840 – 25 October/6 November 1893 ) , often anglicized as Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky , was a Russian composer of the romantic period , some of whose works are among the most popular music in the classical repertoire . He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally , bolstered by his appearances as a guest conductor in Europe and the United States . Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884 , by Emperor Alexander III , and awarded a lifetime pension . Mavra is a one-act opera buffa composed by Igor Stravinsky , and one of the earliest works of Stravinsky 's 'neo-classical ' period . The libretto of the opera , by Boris Kochno , is based on Alexander Pushkin 's "The Little House in Kolomna" . Mavra is about 25 minutes long , and features two arias , a duet , and a quartet performed by its cast of four characters . The opera has been characterised as both an homage to Russian writers , and a satire of bourgeois manners and the "Romeo and Juliet" subgenre of romance . Philip Truman has also described the music as satirising 19th-century comic opera . The dedication on the score is to the memory of Pushkin , Glinka and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
Edmund II ( died 30 November 1016 ) , usually known as Edmund Ironside , was King of England from 23 April to 30 November 1016 . He was the son of King Æthelred the Unready and his first wife , Ælfgifu of York . Edmund 's reign was marred by a war he had inherited from his father , his cognomen "Ironside" was given to him "because of his valour" in resisting the Danish invasion led by Cnut the Great . Ælfgifu of York ( fl . c. 970 – 1002 ) was the first wife of Æthelred the Unready ( r. 968–1016 ) , by whom she bore many offspring , including Edmund Ironside . It is most probable that she was a daughter of Thored , Earl of southern Northumbria .
The Battle of Okinawa ( Japanese : 沖縄戦 , Hepburn : Okinawa-sen ) ( Okinawan : 沖縄戦 , "Uchinaa ikusa ") , codenamed Operation Iceberg , was a major battle of the Pacific War fought on the island of Okinawa by United States Marine and Army forces against the Imperial Japanese Army and included the largest amphibious assault in the Pacific War during World War II , the April 1 , 1945 , invasion of Okinawa itself . The 82-day battle lasted from April 1 until June 22 , 1945 . After a long campaign of island hopping , the Allies were planning to use Okinawa , a large island only 340 mi away from mainland Japan , as a base for air operations for the planned invasion of the Japanese home islands . Camp Courtney ( Japanese : キャンプ・コートニー , Hepburn : Kyampu Kōtonī ) is a U.S. Marine Base located in Uruma City , Okinawa Prefecture , Japan . It is part of the larger Marine Corps Base Camp Smedley D. Butler and home to the III Marine Expeditionary Force , 3rd Marine Division , and 3d MEB Headquarters . It is named after Major Henry A. Courtney , Jr. , who was killed in action in the Battle of Okinawa . Camp Courtney covers 1.339 km2 in the Konbu , Tengan , and Uken districts of Uruma .
Jack Hill ( born January 28 , 1933 ) is an American film director in the exploitation film genre . Several of Hill 's later films have been characterized as feminist works . Francis Ford Coppola ( ; born April 7 , 1939 ) , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , screenwriter and film composer . He was a central figure in the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking .
The Remains of the Day is a 1989 novel by British writer Kazuo Ishiguro . The work was awarded the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 1989 . A film adaptation of the novel , made in 1993 and starring Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson , was nominated for eight Academy Awards . Never Let Me Go is a 2005 dystopian science fiction novel by Japanese-born British author Kazuo Ishiguro . It was shortlisted for the 2005 Booker Prize ( an award Ishiguro had previously won in 1989 for "The Remains of the Day" ) , for the 2006 Arthur C. Clarke Award and for the 2005 National Book Critics Circle Award. "Time" magazine named it the best novel of 2005 and included the novel in its "TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005" . It also received an ALA Alex Award in 2006 . A film adaptation directed by Mark Romanek was released in 2010 ; a Japanese television drama aired in 2016 .
Dickran M. Tevrizian Jr. ( born 1940 ) was a United States federal judge for the Central District of California . Confirmed in 1985 , he is the first United States federal judge of Armenian ancestry . Catherine Anahid Berberian ( July 4 , 1925 – March 6 , 1983 ) was an American mezzo-soprano and composer based in Italy . She interpreted contemporary avant-garde music composed , among others , by Luciano Berio , Bruno Maderna , John Cage , Henri Pousseur , Sylvano Bussotti , Darius Milhaud , Roman Haubenstock-Ramati , and Igor Stravinsky . She also interpreted works by Claudio Monteverdi , Heitor Villa-Lobos , Kurt Weill , Philipp Zu Eulenburg , arrangements of songs by The Beatles , and folk songs from several countries and cultures . As a composer , she wrote "Stripsody" ( 1966 ) , in which she exploits her vocal technique using comic book sounds ( onomatopoeia ) , and "Morsicat ( h ) y" ( 1969 ) , a composition for the keyboard ( with the right hand only ) based on Morse code .
Drew William Barry ( born February 17 , 1973 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He is the son of Basketball Hall of Famer Rick Barry and has three brothers : Scooter , Jon and Brent , who also share his profession . His grandfather Bruce Hale also played in the NBA and was Rick 's college coach at Miami of Florida . His stepmother is Lynn Barry . Brent Robert Barry ( born December 31 , 1971 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He is the son of former NBA player Rick Barry . The 6 ft , 210 lb shooting guard played professionally in the National Basketball Association , winning two championships with the San Antonio Spurs . He also won the 1996 NBA Slam Dunk Contest .
Hacking Democracy is the 2006 Emmy nominated documentary film broadcast on HBO and created by producer / directors Russell Michaels and Simon Ardizzone and producer Robert Carrillo Cohen and executive producers Sarah Teale & Sian Edwards . Filmed over three years it documents American citizens investigating anomalies and irregularities with ' e-voting ' ( electronic voting ) systems that occurred during the 2000 and 2004 elections in the U.S.A. , especially in Volusia County , Florida . The film investigates the flawed integrity of electronic voting machines , particularly those made by Diebold Election Systems , exposing previously unknown backdoors in the Diebold trade secret computer software . The film culminates dramatically in the on-camera hacking of the in-use / working Diebold election system in Leon County , Florida - the same computer voting system which has been used in actual American elections across thirty-three states , and which still counts tens of millions of America 's votes today . The Memory of Justice is a 1976 documentary film directed by Marcel Ophüls . It explores the subject of atrocities committed in wartime and features Joan Baez , Karl Dönitz , Hermann Göring , Hans-Joachim Kulenkampff , Yehudi Menuhin , Albert Speer and Telford Taylor .
Monkeypox virus ( MPV ) is a double-stranded DNA , zoonotic virus and a species of the genus "Orthopoxvirus" in the family Poxviridae . It is one of the human orthopoxviruses that includes variola ( VARV ) , cowpox ( CPX ) , and vaccinia ( VACV ) viruses . But it is not a direct ancestor to , nor a direct descendent of , the variola virus which causes smallpox . The monkeypox virus causes a disease that is similar to smallpox , but with a milder rash and lower death rate . Variation in virulence of the virus has been observed in isolates from Central Africa where strains are more virulent than those from Western Africa . Cowpox is an infectious disease caused by the cowpox virus . The virus , part of the orthopoxvirus family , is closely related to the "vaccinia" virus . The virus is zoonotic , meaning that it is transferable between species , such as from animal to human . The transferral of the disease was first observed in dairymaids who touched the udders of infected cows and consequently developed the signature pustules on their hands . Cowpox is more commonly found in animals other than bovines , such as rodents . Cowpox is similar to , but much milder than , the highly contagious and often deadly smallpox disease . Its close resemblance to the mild form of smallpox and the observation that dairymaids were immune from smallpox inspired the first smallpox vaccine , created and administered by English physician Edward Jenner .
Thomas Earl Petty ( born October 20 , 1950 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter , multi instrumentalist and record producer . He is best known as the lead singer of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers , but is also known as a member and co-founder of the late 1980s supergroup the Traveling Wilburys ( under the pseudonyms of Charlie T. Wilbury Jr. and Muddy Wilbury ) , and his early band Mudcrutch . The Traveling Wilburys ( sometimes shortened to the Wilburys ) were a British-American supergroup consisting of Bob Dylan , George Harrison , Jeff Lynne , Roy Orbison , and Tom Petty . The band recorded two albums , the first in 1988 and the second in 1990 , though Orbison died before the second was recorded .
Edge is a multi-format video game magazine published by Future plc in the United Kingdom , which publishes 13 issues of the magazine per year . GamesMaster is a monthly multi-format computer and video game magazine published by Future plc in the United Kingdom . It is the biggest selling multi-format video games magazine in the United Kingdom , outselling its sister publication "Edge" .
"Gives You Hell" is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects , released as the lead single from their third studio album "When the World Comes Down" on September 30 , 2008 . The All-American Rejects is an American rock band formed in Stillwater , Oklahoma in 1999 . The band consists of lead guitarist and backing vocalist Nick Wheeler , lead vocalist and bassist Tyson Ritter , rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Mike Kennerty , and drummer Chris Gaylor . Nick Wheeler and Tyson Ritter are the band 's songwriters ; Wheeler is the primary composer and Ritter is the main lyricist .
"Stranger in Paradise" is a popular song from the musical "Kismet" ( 1953 ) , and is credited to Robert Wright and George Forrest . Like almost all the music in that show , the melody was taken from music composed by Alexander Borodin ( 1833–1887 ) , in this case , the "Gliding Dance of the Maidens" , from the "Polovtsian Dances" in the opera "Prince Igor" ( 1890 ) . The song in the musical is a lovers ' duet and describes the transcendent feelings that love brings to their surroundings . Later versions were mostly edited to be sung by male solo artists . The Polovtsian Dances , or Polovetsian Dances ( Russian : Половецкие пляски , "Polovetskie plyaski" from the Russian "Polovtsy" —the name given to the Kipchaks and Cumans by the Rus ' people ) form an exotic scene at the end of Act II of Alexander Borodin 's opera "Prince Igor" .
The Purple Line , previously designated the Bi-County Transitway , is a 16.2 mi light rail line under construction to link the Maryland suburbs of Bethesda , Silver Spring , College Park , and New Carrollton , all in the Washington metropolitan area . The line would allow riders to move between the Red , Green , and Orange lines of the Washington Metro transportation system without needing to ride into central Washington , D.C . The project is administered by the Maryland Transit Administration ( MTA ) . On October 7 , 2011 , the proposed light rail line received Federal Transit Administration approval to enter the detailed engineering phase , which , according to "The Washington Post" , is "a significant step forward in its decades-long trek toward construction ." The Takoma Langley Crossroads Transit Center is a bus transit center in Langley Park , Maryland . It is at the intersection of University Boulevard and New Hampshire Avenue , and is the largest bus-only transfer in the Washington , D.C. metropolitan area . It is a future transfer point for the Purple Line .
Arthur Neville Chamberlain , ( ; 18 March 1869 – 9 November 1940 ) was a British Conservative politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from May 1937 to May 1940 . Chamberlain is best known for his appeasement foreign policy , and in particular for his signing of the Munich Agreement in 1938 , conceding the German-speaking Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia to Germany . However , when Adolf Hitler later invaded Poland , the UK declared war on Germany on 3 September 1939 , and Chamberlain led Britain through the first eight months of World War II . Gunnersbury Park is a park between Acton , Brentford , Chiswick and Ealing , West London , England . Purchased for the nation from the Rothschild family , it was opened to the public by Neville Chamberlain , then Minister of Health , on 21 May 1926 . The park is currently jointly managed by Ealing and Hounslow borough councils .
Crazy Love is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Dan Klores and Fisher Stevens . The screenplay by Klores , who also wrote Boys of 2nd Street Park explores the troubled relationship between New York City attorney Burt Pugach and his ten-years-younger girlfriend Linda Riss , who was blinded and permanently scarred when thugs hired by Pugach threw lye in her face . Welcome to Nollywood is a 2007 documentary film directed by Jamie Meltzer , which premiered at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival , and also played at the Avignon Film Festival and the Melbourne International Film Festival in the summer of 2007 .
Arundel Castle is a restored and remodelled medieval castle in Arundel , West Sussex , England . It was established by Roger de Montgomery on Christmas Day 1067 . Roger became the first to hold the earldom of Arundel by the graces of William the Conqueror . The castle was damaged in the English Civil War and then restored in the 18th and 19th centuries . The English Civil War ( 1642–1651 ) was a series of armed conflicts and political machinations between Parliamentarians ( "Roundheads" ) and Royalists ( "Cavaliers" ) over , principally , the manner of England 's government . The first ( 1642–1646 ) and second ( 1648–1649 ) wars pitted the supporters of King Charles I against the supporters of the Long Parliament , while the third ( 1649–1651 ) saw fighting between supporters of King Charles II and supporters of the Rump Parliament . The war ended with the Parliamentarian victory at the Battle of Worcester on 3 September 1651 .
Prudence Jane Goward ( born 2 September 1952 in Adelaide ) , an Australian politician , is the New South Wales Minister for Family and Community Services and Minister for Social Housing , since January 2017 in the Berejiklian government , and the Minister for Prevention of Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault , since 2015 . She has previously served as the Minister for Mental Health , Minister for Medical Research , and Assistant Minister for Health between April 2015 and January 2017 , and the Minister for Women between 2011 and January 2017 , in the second Baird government and the Minister for Planning during 2014 and 2015 . With the first Berejiklian government she returned to Community Services portfolio which she previously held between 2011 and 2014 , in the O'Farrell and first Baird governments . Goward is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Goulburn for the Liberal Party of Australia since 2007 . Goulburn is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales . It is represented by Pru Goward of the Liberal Party of Australia .
Native American Shawnee warrior and chief , who became the primary leader of a large , multi-tribal confederacy in the early years of the nineteenth century . Born in the Ohio Country ( present-day Ohio ) , and growing up during the American Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War , Tecumseh was exposed to warfare and envisioned the establishment of an independent Indian nation east of the Mississippi River under British protection and worked to recruit additional members to his tribal confederacy from the southern United States . The following units of the U.S. Army and state militia forces under Indiana Governor William Henry Harrison , fought against the Native American warriors of Tecumseh 's Confederacy , led by Chief Tecumseh 's brother , Tenskwatawa "The Prophet" at the battle of Tippecanoe on November 7 , 1811 .
The Chuck Berry House is the former home of Chuck Berry in St. Louis , Missouri located at 3137 Whittier Street . The house was Berry 's home when he wrote and first performed the majority of songs with which he is identified , including "Maybellene" ( 1955 ) , "Roll Over Beethoven" ( 1956 ) , "Too Much Monkey Business" ( 1956 ) , "Rock and Roll Music" ( 1957 ) , "School Day" ( 1957 ) , "Sweet Little Sixteen" ( 1958 ) , and "Johnny B. Goode" ( 1958 ) . "Rock and Roll Music" is a 1957 hit single written and recorded by rock and roll star Chuck Berry . The song has been widely covered and is recognized as one of Berry 's most popular and enduring compositions . In the fall of 1957 , his recording reached number 6 on "Billboard" magazine 's R & B Singles chart and number 8 on its Hot 100 chart .
Julián Castro ( , ] ; born September 16 , 1974 ) is an American Democratic politician who served as the 16th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under President Barack Obama from 2014 to 2017 . Philip A. Cortez ( born July 7 , 1978 ) is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives . He previously served as a State Representative for House District 117 during the 83rd Legislative Session . From 2007 to 2012 , he was a member of the nominally nonpartisan San Antonio City Council , on which he was a firm ally of then Mayor Julian Castro .
Polly Carey Draper ( born June 15 , 1955 ) is an American actress , writer , producer , and director . Draper has received several awards , including a Writers Guild of America Award ( WGA ) , and is noted for speaking in a "trademark throaty voice ." She first gained recognition for her role in the ABC primetime television drama "Thirtysomething" ( 1987–91 ) . Timothy Simon "Tim" Roth ( born 14 May 1961 ) is an English actor and director . He made his debut role in the 1982 television film "Made in Britain" ( 1982 ) . He garnered critical acclaim for his role as Myron in the 1984 film "The Hit" ( 1984 ) , for which he was nominated for his first BAFTA Award . Roth gained more attention for his performances in "The Cook , the Thief , His Wife & Her Lover" ( 1989 ) , "Vincent & Theo" ( 1990 ) and "Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead" ( 1990 ) .
The Tempest is a play by William Shakespeare , believed to have been written in 1610–11 , and thought by many critics to be the last play that Shakespeare wrote alone . It is set on a remote island , where the sorcerer Prospero , rightful Duke of Milan , plots to restore his daughter Miranda to her rightful place using illusion and skillful manipulation . He conjures up a storm , the eponymous tempest , to cause his usurping brother Antonio and the complicit King Alonso of Naples to believe they are shipwrecked and marooned on the island . There , his machinations bring about the revelation of Antonio 's lowly nature , the redemption of the King , and the marriage of Miranda to Alonso 's son , Ferdinand . Nicholas Amer , born Thomas Harold Amer ( born 29 September 1923 ) in Tranmere , Birkenhead , Cheshire , is an English stage , film and television actor known for his performances in William Shakespeare 's plays . Amer made his professional debut in 1948 playing the part of Ferdinand in "The Tempest" . In his long career , Amer has played more than 27 different Shakespearean roles and toured to 31 different countries .
The Hume–Adams dialogue was a series of talks between then Social Democratic and Labour Party leader John Hume and Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams during the Northern Ireland peace process . Gerard "Gerry" Adams ( Irish : "Gearóid Mac Ádhaimh" ; born 6 October 1948 ) is an Irish republican politician who is the president of the Sinn Féin political party and a Teachta Dála ( TD ; a member of the Irish parliament ) for Louth since the 2011 general election .
The Villanuco de Las Encartaciones ( Basque : "Enkarterriko billanuko" , Cantabrian : "Villanucu" , English : Little Villein of Las Encartaciones ) is a Spanish breed of dog typical of the region of Las Encartaciones ( Biscay ) , Cantabria and northern Burgos ( Spain ) . The Affenpinscher , also known as the Monkey Terrier , is a terrier-like toy breed of dog .
Inside the Electric Circus is the third studio album by heavy metal band W.A.S.P. , released in October 1986 through Capitol Records ; a remastered edition featuring two bonus tracks was reissued in 1997 through Snapper Music . The album is the band 's first to feature singer and bandleader Blackie Lawless playing guitar , having switched from bass to rhythm guitar . It reached No . 17 and 35 on the Norwegian and Swedish albums chart respectively , and No . 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 ; it remained on the latter for 19 weeks . Blackie Lawless ( born Steven Edward Duren ; September 4 , 1956 ) is an American songwriter and musician best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist ( formerly bassist ) for the heavy metal band W.A.S.P .
Purandara Dāsa ( Kannada : ಪುರಂದರ ದಾಸ ) ( 1484–1564 ) was a Haridasa ( a devotee - servant of Lord Hari ( Vishnu ) ) , great devotee of Lord Krishna ( an incarnation of Lord Vishnu ) and a saint . He was a disciple of the celebrated Madhwa philosopher-saint Sri Vyasatirtha , and a contemporary of yet another great Haridasa , Kanakadasa . His Guru , Sri Vyasatirtha himself glorified Purandara Dasa in a song thus : "Dāsarendare purandara dāsarayya" ( ದಾಸರೆಂದರೆ ಪುರಂದರ ದಾಸರಯ್ಯ ) . Purandara Dasa was a composer , singer and one of the chief founding-proponents of the South Indian classical music ( Carnatic Music ) . In honor of his significant and legendary contributions to Carnatic Music , he is widely referred to as the "Pitamaha" ( "lit" , "father" or the "grandfather" ) of Carnatic Music . He is respected as an "avatara" ( incarnation ) of the great sage Narada ( a celestial being who is also a singer ) . Navakoti Narayana ( Kannada : ನವಕೋಟಿ ನಾರಾಯಣ ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film directed by S. K. Ananthachari starring Rajkumar and Sowcar Janaki in lead roles . The film is based on the life of Purandara Dasa , a prominent composer of Carnatic music who lived from 1484-1564 . In the film , Rajkumar plays the role of Purandara Dasa . The music of the film was composed by Shivaprasad .
Paradise Pier is a themed land at Disney California Adventure , based on that of Victorian boardwalks that were once found along the coast of California . Despite its name and the presence of a nearby man-made lake , Paradise Pier is not actually a pier , but merely a waterside area of the park . The roller coaster California Screamin ' sprawls across much of it , with various other attractions and forms of entertainment scattered around it . The boardwalk-themed launched roller coaster was designed by Ingenieur Büro Stengel GmbH and was built by Intamin . California Screamin ' is the eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world ( and third-longest steel coaster in the United States ) , at 6072 ft long . It is also the longest ride with an inversion ( since Son of Beast became defunct ) . Its highest point is 120 ft followed by a 108 ft drop . Though built of steel , the structure as designed visually mimics the features of a wooden coaster .
The Mountain West Conference ( MW ) is one of the collegiate athletic conferences affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) ( formerly I-A ) . The MW officially began operations in July 1999 . Geographically , the MW covers a broad expanse of the Western United States , with member schools located in California , Colorado , Hawaii , Idaho , Nevada , New Mexico , Utah , and Wyoming . Craig Thompson has served as Commissioner of the MW since its founding in 1999 . The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Spartans were led by fourth-year head coach Ron Caragher and played their home games at Spartan Stadium . They were members of the Mountain West Conference in the West Division . They finished the season 4–8 , 3–5 in Mountain West play to finish in a three-way tie for third place in the West Division .
Moor Park is a Grade I listed Palladian mansion set within several hundred acres of parkland to the south-east of Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire , England . It is called Moor Park Mansion because it is in the old park of the Manor of More . The More ( also known as the Manor of the More ) was a 16th-century palace near Rickmansworth , Hertfordshire , England , where Catherine of Aragon lived after the annulment of her marriage to Henry VIII . It was previously owned by Cardinal Wolsey , and was located at the north east corner of the later More Park estate on the edge of the River Colne flood plain . The Treaty of the More was celebrated here by Henry VIII and the French ambassadors . In 1527 , the French ambassador , Jean du Bellay thought the house more splendid than Hampton Court . Nothing now remains above ground . The site is a scheduled ancient monument . In the grounds of the school exist parts of at least two large stone pillars ( approx 1 meter in length ) which are said to be part of the original manor .
Charles Talbot , 1st Duke of Shrewsbury , KG , PC ( 24 July 1660 – 1 February 1718 ) was an English politician who was part of the 'Immortal Seven ' group that invited William III , Prince of Orange to depose James II of England as monarch during the Glorious Revolution . He was appointed to several minor roles before the revolution , but came to prominence as a member of William 's government . Heythrop Park is a Grade II * listed early 18th-century country house 1 mi southeast of Heythrop in Oxfordshire . It was designed by the architect Thomas Archer in the Baroque style for Charles Talbot , 1st Duke of Shrewsbury . A fire in 1831 destroyed the original interior . From 1922 until 1999 Heythrop housed first a Jesuit tertiary education college , and later a training establishment . The house is now the main building of the Heythrop Park Hotel , Golf & Country Club .
Ian Hunter Patterson ( born 3 June 1939 ) , known as Ian Hunter , is a British singer-songwriter who is best known as the lead singer of the English rock band Mott the Hoople , from its inception in 1969 to its dissolution in 1974 , and at the time of its 2009 and 2013 reunions . Hunter was a musician and songwriter before joining Mott the Hoople , and continued in this vein after he left the band . He embarked on a solo career despite ill health and disillusionment with commercial success , and often worked in collaboration with Mick Ronson , David Bowie 's sideman and arranger from the "Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars" period . Robert Kelly Thomas ( born February 14 , 1972 ) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer and multi-instrumentalist , best known as the lead singer of Alternative band Matchbox 20 . Thomas also records and performs as a solo artist with "Lonely No More" released in 2005 becoming his biggest solo chart success . Thomas earned three Grammy Awards for co-writing and singing on the three-time Grammy Award Winning 1999 Summer smash hit , "Smooth" by Santana , off the fifteen-time Platinum album "Supernatural" .
Shape is a monthly English language fitness magazine started by Weider Publications in 1981 , founded by Christine MacIntyre ( a pioneer in women 's free weight fitness ) and became the number one women 's fitness magazine . At that time , Weider Enterprises consisted primarily of the bodybuilding magazine "Muscle & Fitness" . Joe Weider and Christine MacIntyre had differing views of how to present "Shape" , Weider endorsing a less journalistic and more commercial approach to articles , MacIntyre endorsing a more academic , doctor-based magazine . Weider also endorsed a sexier approach to editorial while MacIntyre endorsed a healthier look for women , eschewing sexiness in the models and the copy . MacIntyre largely won that battle , editing a magazine that required that every byline have an advanced medical degree , that cover models should look healthy rather than sexy , and that sexist language be avoided . Christine MacIntyre was the editor-in-chief until her death in 1988 . Tara Kraft is the current editor-in-chief . "Shape" found a readership based on that formula . Velvetpark : Dyke Culture in Bloom is a lesbian and feminist arts and culture website that regularly features music , literature , theater , fine arts , film , television , and social activism as it impacts queer culture . "Velvetpark" also hosts a social network and dating community for lesbians and queer-identified women .
Michael Bruce Fiers ( born June 15 , 1985 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He has also played in MLB for the Milwaukee Brewers . Fiers pitched a no-hitter on August 21 , 2015 . The Nova Southeastern Sharks baseball program represents Nova Southeastern University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 's NCAA Division II level . The Sharks have a very short history , having less than thirty years of play under their belt ; however , the sharks have won the Division II championship in 2016 , as well as producing several MLB stars , such as J. D. Martinez of the Arizona Diamondbacks , and Mike Fiers of the Houston Astros . They are coached by Greg Brown .
Seacroft is a linear settlement in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It lies at the south of , and is conjoined to , Skegness , and comprises the less than half-mile long residential road , Seacroft Esplanade , and a golf course at its south . Farther south is Gibraltar Point nature reserve . Gibraltar Point national nature reserve is an area of approximately 4.3 km2 in Lincolnshire , England .
Kacha ( Ukrainian : Кача ; Russian : Кача ; Crimean Tatar : Qaçı ) is an urban-type settlement under the City of Sevastopol 's jurisdiction , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as part of the Crimean Federal District . Ukraine ( ; Ukrainian : Україна , "Ukrajina "] ) , sometimes called the Ukraine , is a sovereign state in Eastern Europe , bordered by Russia to the east and northeast , Belarus to the northwest , Poland , Hungary and Slovakia to the west , Romania , and Moldova to the southwest , and the Black Sea and Sea of Azov to the south and southeast , respectively . Ukraine is currently in territorial dispute with Russia over the Crimean Peninsula which Russia annexed in 2014 but which Ukraine and most of the international community recognise as Ukrainian . Including Crimea , Ukraine has an area of 603628 km² , making it the largest country entirely within Europe and the 46th largest country in the world . Excluding Crimea , Ukraine has a population of about 42.5 million , making it the 32nd most populous country in the world .
The Dinner Party is an installation artwork by feminist artist Judy Chicago . Widely regarded as the first epic feminist artwork , it functions as a symbolic history of women in Western civilization . There are 39 elaborate place settings arranged along a triangular table for 39 mythical and historical famous women . Sacajawea , Sojourner Truth , Eleanor of Aquitaine , Empress Theodora of Byzantium , Virginia Woolf , Susan B. Anthony , and Georgia O'Keeffe are among the guests . Sojourner Truth ( ; born Isabella ( Belle ) Baumfree ; 1797 – November 26 , 1883 ) was an African-American abolitionist and women 's rights activist . Truth was born into slavery in Swartekill , Ulster County , New York , but escaped with her infant daughter to freedom in 1826 . After going to court to recover her son , in 1828 she became the first black woman to win such a case against a white man .
The Detroit Tigers are an American professional baseball team based in Detroit , Michigan . The Tigers compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the American League ( AL ) Central division . One of the AL 's eight charter franchises , the club was founded in Detroit in 1901 . They are the oldest continuous one-name , one-city franchise in the AL The Tigers have won four World Series championships ( , , , and ) , 11 AL pennants ( 1907 , 1908 , 1909 , 1934 , 1935 , 1940 , 1945 , 1968 , 1984 , 2006 , 2012 ) , and four AL Central division championships ( 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , and 2014 ) . The Tigers also won division titles in 1972 , 1984 and 1987 while members of the AL East . The team currently plays its home games at Comerica Park in Downtown Detroit . William "Silent Bill" Hopke ( November 2 , 1881 – April 18 , 1959 ) was an American professional baseball player . He played in the minor leagues from 1902 to 1914 with several teams . Hopke also played in the 1909 Cuban-American Major League Clubs Series for the Detroit Tigers , though he never played in a major league game for Detroit . He also played for the Almendares club in the Cuban League in 1911 .
Ashland is a town in Grafton County , New Hampshire , United States . The population was 2,076 at the 2010 census . Located near the geographical center of the state , Ashland is home to Scribner-Fellows State Forest . Plymouth Regional High School ( PRHS ) is a public secondary school in Plymouth , New Hampshire , United States . Surrounding towns that attend PRHS are Ashland , Holderness , Campton , Rumney , Wentworth , Warren , Ellsworth , Waterville Valley and Thornton . Bruce Parsons is the current principal . The facility , opened in 1970 , is located on Old Ward Bridge Road in Plymouth . It also housed Plymouth Elementary School until 1990 . Plymouth Regional was known as Plymouth Area High School until 1991 . The school colors are navy blue and white .
Into The Homeland is a 1987 made for TV crime drama that aired on HBO on December 26 , 1987 directed by Lesli Linka Glatter and starring Powers Boothe , C. Thomas Howell , Paul LeMat and Cindy Pickett . The screenplay was written by Anna Hamilton Phelan . Powers Allen Boothe ( June 1 , 1948 – May 14 , 2017 ) was an American television and film actor . Some of his most notable roles include his Emmy-winning portrayal of Jim Jones in "" and his turns as TV detective Philip Marlowe in the 1980s , Cy Tolliver on "Deadwood" , "Curly Bill" Brocious in "Tombstone" , Vice-President and subsequently President Noah Daniels on "24" , and Lamar Wyatt in "Nashville" .
Magnus Olafsson ( Old Norse : "Magnús Óláfsson" , Norwegian : "Magnus Olavsson" ; 1073 – 24 August 1103 ) , better known as Magnus Barefoot ( Old Norse : "Magnús berfœttr" , Norwegian : "Magnus Berrføtt" ) , was King of Norway ( as Magnus III ) from 1093 until his death in 1103 . His reign was marked by aggressive military campaigns and conquest , particularly in the Norse-dominated parts of the British Isles and Ireland , where he extended his rule to the Kingdom of the Isles and Dublin . The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides , the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD . The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar" , or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland . The historical record is incomplete , and the kingdom was not a continuous entity throughout the entire period . The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles , although only some of the later rulers claimed that title . At times the rulers were independent of external control , although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway , Ireland , England , Scotland or Orkney . At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory . The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south .
The Willis Tower , built as and still commonly referred to as the Sears Tower , is a 110-story , 442.1 m skyscraper in Chicago , Illinois , United States . At completion in 1973 , it surpassed the World Trade Center towers in New York to become the tallest building in the world , a title it held for nearly 25 years and remained the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere until 2014 and the completion of a new building at the World Trade Center site . The building is considered a seminal achievement for its architect Fazlur Rahman Khan . The Willis Tower is the second-tallest building in the United States and the 16th-tallest in the world . More than one million people visit its observation deck each year , making it one of Chicago 's most popular tourist destinations . The structure was renamed in 2009 by the Willis Group as part of its lease on a portion of the tower 's space . WFMT is an FM radio station in Chicago , Illinois , featuring a format of fine arts , classical music programming , and shows exploring such genres as folk and jazz . The station is managed by Window To The World Communications , Inc. , owner of WTTW , one of Chicago 's two Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) Public television stations . WFMT is also the primary station of the WFMT Radio Network , and the Beethoven and Jazz Networks . WFMT transmits from the Willis ( Sears ) Tower .
American sweetgum ( "Liquidambar styraciflua" ) , also known as American storax , hazel pine , bilsted , redgum , satin-walnut , star-leaved gum , alligatorwood , or simply sweetgum , is a deciduous tree in the genus "Liquidambar" native to warm temperate areas of eastern North America and tropical montane regions of Mexico and Central America . Sweet gum is one of the main valuable forest trees in the southeastern United States , and is a popular ornamental tree in temperate climates . It is recognizable by the combination of its five-pointed star-shaped leaves and its hard , spiked fruits . It is currently classified in the plant family Altingiaceae , but was formerly considered a member of the Hamamelidaceae . Phyllocnistis liquidambarisella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family , known from the United States ( New York , Maryland , Kentucky , Georgia , Texas , Florida ) . The hostplant for the species is "Liquidambar styraciflua" . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a long , winding , linear mine on the upperside of the leaf . It is rather indistinct , without any central line of frass .
Richard Gillow ( 1733–1811 ) was an English architect and businessman from Lancaster . He was the son of the carpenter Robert Gillow , the founder of Gillows of Lancaster and London , a successful cabinet-making firm . Gillows of Lancaster and London , also known as Gillow & Co. , was an English furniture making firm based in Lancaster , Lancashire , and in London . It was founded around in Lancaster in about 1730 by Robert Gillow ( 1704–1772 ) .
Dunstan is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia , covering the inner eastern suburbs of Beulah Park , College Park , Evandale , Firle , Hackney , Joslin , Kensington , Kent Town , Marden , Maylands , Norwood , Payneham South , Royston Park , St Morris , St Peters , Stepney , Trinity Gardens and Vale Park and parts of Klemzig and Payneham . College Park ( previously "College Town" ) is a suburb of Adelaide , South Australia in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters .
The Pennsylvania State University ( commonly referred to as Penn State or PSU ) is a state-related , land-grant , doctoral university with campuses and facilities throughout Pennsylvania . Founded in 1855 , the university has a stated threefold mission of teaching , research , and public service . Its instructional mission includes undergraduate , graduate , professional and continuing education offered through resident instruction and online delivery . Its University Park campus , the flagship campus , lies within the Borough of State College and College Township . It has two law schools , Penn State Law , on the school 's University Park campus , and Dickinson Law , located in Carlisle , 90 miles south of State College . The College of Medicine is located in Hershey . Penn State has another 19 commonwealth campuses and 5 special-mission campuses located across the state . Penn State has been labeled one of the "Public Ivies ," a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League . Wake Forest University is a private , independent , nonprofit , nonsectarian , coeducational research university in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , founded in 1834 . The university received its name from its original location in Wake Forest , north of Raleigh , North Carolina , the state capital . The Reynolda Campus , the university 's main campus , has been located north of downtown Winston-Salem since the university moved there in 1956 . The Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center campus has two locations , the older one located near the Ardmore neighborhood in central Winston-Salem , and the newer campus at Wake Forest Innovation Quarter downtown . The university also occupies lab space at Biotech Plaza at Innovation Quarter , and at the Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials . The University 's Graduate School of Management maintains a presence on the main campus in Winston-Salem and in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Square Enix Holdings Co. , Ltd. ( 株式会社スクウェア・エニックス・ホールディングス , Kabushiki gaisha Sukuwea Enikkusu Hōrudingusu ) is a Japanese video game developer , publisher , and distribution company that is best known for its role-playing video game franchises , which include "Final Fantasy" , "Dragon Quest" , and "Kingdom Hearts" . Several of its franchises have sold over 10 million copies , with the "Final Fantasy" franchise selling over 115 million , and the company as a whole made over ¥150 billion in revenue in fiscal year 2014 . The Square Enix headquarters are in the Shinjuku Eastside Square Building in Shinjuku , Tokyo . The company employs over 3800 employees worldwide . Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days ( キングダム ハーツ 358/2 Days , Kingudamu Hātsu Surī Faibu Eito Deizu Ōbā Tsū , subtitle read as "Three Five Eight Days Over Two" ) is an action role-playing video game developed by h.a.n.d . and Square Enix for the Nintendo DS . It is the fifth installment in the "Kingdom Hearts" series , and takes place near the end of "Kingdom Hearts" , continuing parallel to "" . The game was released worldwide in 2009 . The story is told from the perspective of Roxas , following his daily life within Organization XIII and his relationship with fellow Organization member Axel ; it also introduces a fourteenth member , Xion , who becomes friends with the former two .
The 2000–01 NBA season was the 31st season for the Portland Trail Blazers in the National Basketball Association . In the offseason , the Blazers acquired Dale Davis from the Indiana Pacers , and All-Star forward Shawn Kemp from the Cleveland Cavaliers in a three-team trade . At midseason , the team re-signed free agent Rod Strickland , who was released by the Washington Wizards . Falling nine games below the previous season 's mark , the Blazers nevertheless made the playoffs for the 19th consecutive year , finishing as the # 7 seed in the Western Conference with a 50–32 record . Rasheed Wallace was selected for the 2001 NBA All-Star Game . Rasheed Abdul "Sheed" Wallace ( born September 17 , 1974 ) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 16 seasons in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . A native of Philadelphia , Wallace played college basketball at the University of North Carolina before moving on to the NBA in 1995 .
Joseph D. Stewart , also known affectionately by the midshipmen of the United States Merchant Marine Academy as "Joey D ," ( born July 9 , 1942 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps major general , who after his retirement from the Marine Corps , was appointed as Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy ( USMMA ) on August 1 , 1998 . He retired from the U.S. Maritime Service with the rank of vice admiral on September 30 , 2008 . The United States Merchant Marine Academy ( also known as USMMA or Kings Point ) is one of the five United States service academies , located in Kings Point , New York . It is charged with training officers for the United States Merchant Marine , branches of the military , and the transportation industry . Midshipmen ( as students at the Academy are called ) are trained in marine engineering , navigation , ship 's administration , maritime law , personnel management , international law , customs , and many other subjects important to the task of running a large ship .
Rubens "Rubinho" Gonçalves Barrichello ( ] , ] , born 23 May 1972 ) is a Brazilian racing driver who competed in Formula One between and , scoring 11 Grands Prix wins and 68 podiums . The 2003 Italian Grand Prix ( formally the LXXIV Gran Premio Vodafone d'Italia ) was a Formula One motor race held on 14 September 2003 at the Autodromo Nazionale Monza , Monza , Italy . It was the fourteenth race of the 2003 Formula One season and the eighty-seventh Italian Grand Prix . The 53-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher driving for Ferrari after starting from pole position . Juan Pablo Montoya finished second in a Williams car , with Rubens Barrichello third in the other Ferrari .
The Mosuo Sisters is a 2012 documentary film written and directed by Marlo Poras . It chronicles the lives of two sisters , Jua Ma and La Tsuo , who are members of one of the last matriarchal societies , the Mosuo tribe . Being an ethnic minority in China , the film explores their journey from working at a bar in Beijing to moving back home to their village in the Himalayas , dealing with the modern world impinging upon the traditional Mosuo culture and way of life . Out of Place is a surfing documentary directed by Scott Ditzenberger and Darrin McDonald that follows the lives of several lake surfers in Cleveland , Ohio . While Lake Erie does not offer the quality of waves they would prefer , business commitments , family , and friends keep them from moving . As the best waves occur in the winter , the surfers often experience freezing conditions including during a snow bound Great Lakes Eastern Surfing Association competition featured in the film .
Movie Masters is an action figure toyline from Mattel based on popular movie franchises most notably DC Comics . The line has featured characters from the films "Superman" , "Avatar" , "The Dark Knight" trilogy , "Green Lantern" , and "Man of Steel" . Figures in the line are sculpted by Four Horsemen Studios , who also sculpted figures for Mattel 's DC Superheroes and DC Universe Classics lines . The fictional superhero Batman , who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics , has appeared in various films since his inception . Created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger , the character first starred in two serial films in the 1940s , "Batman" and "Batman and Robin" . The character also appeared in the 1966 film "Batman" , which was a feature film adaptation of the 1960s "Batman" TV series starring Adam West and Burt Ward , who also starred in the film . Toward the end of the 1980s , the Warner Bros. studio began producing a series of feature films starring Batman , beginning with the 1989 film "Batman" , directed by Tim Burton and starring Michael Keaton . Burton and Keaton returned for the 1992 sequel "Batman Returns" , and in 1995 , Joel Schumacher directed "Batman Forever" with Val Kilmer as Batman . Schumacher also directed the 1997 sequel "Batman & Robin" , which starred George Clooney . "Batman & Robin" was poorly received by both critics and fans , leading to the cancellation of "Batman Unchained" .
Princess Marie-Clementine Bagration ( German : "Marie-Klementine Bagration" ) ( 1810-1829 ) was illegitimate daughter of Prince Klemens von Metternich with Princess Catherine Bagration . Klemens Wenzel Nepomuk Lothar , Prince von Metternich-Winneburg zu Beilstein ( 15 May 1773 – 11 June 1859 ) was a German diplomat and statesman and one of the most important of his era , serving as the Austrian Empire 's Foreign Minister from 1809 and Chancellor from 1821 until the liberal revolutions of 1848 forced his resignation .
Hermiston-McCauley Mine is a large abandoned underground gold mine in Strathy Township of Temagami , Northeastern Ontario , Canada . It is located between the southwestern arm of Net Lake and the south arm of Kanichee Lake . Barton Mine , also known as Net Lake Mine , is an abandoned surface and underground mine in Northeastern Ontario , Canada . It is located about 0.50 km north of the Temagami Arena in Temagami North and just east of the Ontario Northland Railway in northwestern Strathy Township . Dating back to the early 1900s , it is one of the oldest mines in Temagami . Barton was the site of a fire in the early 1900s , after which it never had active mining again .
Zixing ( ) is a county-level city in Hunan Province , China , it is under the administration of Chenzhou prefecture-level City . Jingzhou ( ) is a prefecture-level city in southern Hubei , China , located on the banks of the Yangtze River . As of the 2010 census , its total population was 5,691,707 , 1,154,086 of whom resided in the built-up ( "or metro" ) area comprising the two urban districts .
Joseph Rolando Benavidez ( born July 31 , 1984 ) is an American mixed martial artist . After fighting in smaller shows while working as a screen printer in Las Cruces , New Mexico , he joined up with Urijah Faber 's Team Alpha Male in 2007 . He has since fought in Dream and more recently the World Extreme Cagefighting promotion . He currently fights as a flyweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship . His fighting style has drawn comparisons to training partner and former WEC Featherweight Champion Urijah Faber . As of February 6 , 2017 , he is # 1 in the official UFC flyweight rankings and ranked the # 2 flyweight in the world by Sherdog . On April 27 , 2010 , the Mayor and City Council of the City of Las Cruces proclaimed April 27 as Joseph Benavidez Day in Las Cruces . Urijah Christopher Faber ( born May 14 , 1979 ) is an American retired mixed martial artist who fought as a bantamweight and featherweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship . Faber won the WEC Featherweight Championship at "WEC 19" on March 17 , 2006 , and held the title for over two years until losing it to Mike Brown at "WEC 36" on November 5 , 2008 . Faber is widely regarded as one of the sport 's pioneers for establishing legitimacy to lighter weight classes in MMA .
Sir John Major , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 29 March 1943 ) is a British politician who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party from 1990 to 1997 . He served as Foreign Secretary and then Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Thatcher Government from 1989 to 1990 , and was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Huntingdon from 1979 until he retired in 2001 . Since Margaret Thatcher 's death in 2013 , he is the oldest living former Prime Minister . Local elections were held in the United Kingdom in 1991 . The results were a setback for the governing Conservative Party , who were left with their lowest number of councillors since 1973 - though their popular vote was an improvement from the 1990 local elections ( John Major had succeeded Margaret Thatcher as prime minister in November 1990 ) , and the Conservatives would go on to win the general election in 1992 .
Arnold Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller ( 13 July 1913 – 16 April 2012 ) was a Danish shipping magnate . He was a longtime figure at A.P . Moller – Maersk Group , which was founded by his father . The Møller Centre is a dedicated , residential executive training and conference centre in Cambridge . It is located at Churchill College , one of the constituent colleges of the University of Cambridge . It was founded with a gift of approximately £10 million to Churchill College , donated by the A.P . Møller & Chastine Mc-Kinney Møller Foundation , a Danish institution , set up in 1953 by shipping magnate A.P . Møller . Its full title is The Maersk Mc-Kinney Møller Centre for Continuing Education , named after Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller , the son and successor of A.P . Møller .
Esquire is an American men 's magazine , published by the Hearst Corporation in the United States . Founded in 1933 , it flourished during the Great Depression under the guidance of founders Arnold Gingrich , David A . Smart and Henry L. Jackson . Stanley Bing is the pen name of Gil Schwartz ( born May 20 , 1951 in New York , NY ) , a business humorist and novelist . He has written a column for "Fortune" magazine for more than twenty years , after having spent a decade at "Esquire" . He is the author of thirteen books including "What Would Machiavelli Do ?" and "The Curriculum" , a satirical textbook for a business school that also offers lessons on the Web . Schwartz is the senior executive vice president of corporate communications and Chief Communications Officer for CBS .
Arthur Hiller Penn ( September 27 , 1922 – September 28 , 2010 ) was an American director and producer of film , television and theater . Penn directed critically acclaimed films throughout the 1960s such as the drama "The Chase" ( 1966 ) , the biographical crime film "Bonnie and Clyde" ( 1967 ) and the comedy "Alice 's Restaurant" ( 1969 ) . He also got attention for his revisionist Western "Little Big Man" ( 1970 ) . George Kuchar ( August 31 , 1942 – September 6 , 2011 ) was an American underground film director and video artist , known for his "low-fi" aesthetic .
The Red Butte Creek oil spill was caused by a rupture in a medium crude oil pipeline that occurred on June 11 and 12 2010 . The Chevron Pipeline ( CPL ) is 10 inches in diameter and runs from western Colorado to a Chevron Corporation oil refinery near Salt Lake City Utah . A half inch diameter hole in the pipeline was caused by an electrical arc from high voltage power lines to a metal fence post buried a few inches above the pipeline . Chevron Corporation ( ) is an American multinational energy corporation . One of the successor companies of Standard Oil , it is headquartered in San Ramon , California , and active in more than 180 countries . Chevron is engaged in every aspect of the oil , natural gas , and geothermal energy industries , including hydrocarbon exploration and production ; refining , marketing and transport ; chemicals manufacturing and sales ; and power generation . Chevron is one of the world 's largest oil companies ; as of 2014 , it ranked third in the Fortune 500 list of the top US closely held and public corporations and sixteenth on the Fortune Global 500 list of the top 500 corporations worldwide . It was also one of the Seven Sisters that dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the 1970s .
Donald McNichol Sutherland , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 17 July 1935 ) is a Canadian actor whose film career spans more than five decades . The Con Artist is a 2010 romantic comedy film directed by Risa Bramon Garcia and written by Michael Melski and Collin Friesen , starring Rossif Sutherland , Rebecca Romijn , Sarah Roemer and Donald Sutherland . The film was released straight-to-DVD on June 14 , 2011 .
Peter Rodney "Biff" Byford ( born 15 January 1951 ) is an English singer best known as the lead singer of the heavy metal band Saxon . Stacey McClean ( born 17 February 1989 ) is an English solo singer . She was part of the S Club spin-off band , S Club 8 and in 2009 took part in the sixth series of "The X Factor" .
The Pavilion du Butard is a hunting lodge in the Forêt de Fausses-Reposes in the territory of La Celle-Saint-Cloud in Yvelines , France . Part of the gardens of Versailles , it was designed by Ange-Jacques Gabriel for Louis XV and built between 1750 and 1754 . It was made state property on 27 June 1794 by François-Nicolas Périgon , notary at Paris , during the French Revolution . On 23 April 1802 it became the property of empress Joséphine de Beauharnais , who wished to merge it with her Malmaison estate , but it returned to being state property on her divorce from Napoleon in 1809 . It was later also enjoyed by Charles X of France and emperor Napoleon III of France . It was occupied by the Prussians during the Franco-Prussian War . Still state property , it was made a monument historique on 29 August 1927 . The Franco-Prussian War or Franco-German War ( German : "Deutsch-Französischer Krieg" , French : "Guerre franco-allemande" ) , often referred to in France as the War of 1870 ( 19 July 1870 – 10 May 1871 ) , was a conflict between the Second French Empire of Napoleon III and the German states of the North German Confederation led by the Kingdom of Prussia . The conflict was caused by Prussian ambitions to extend German unification and French fears of the shift in the European balance of power that would result if the Prussians succeeded . Some historians argue that the Prussian chancellor Otto von Bismarck deliberately provoked a French attack in order to draw the independent southern German states—Baden , Württemberg , Bavaria and Hesse-Darmstadt—into an alliance with the North German Confederation dominated by Prussia , while others contend that Bismarck did not plan anything and merely exploited the circumstances as they unfolded .
Spy Hunter is an overhead view , vehicular combat game developed by Bally Midway and released in arcades in 1983 . Highway Pursuit is a computer game remake of Spy Hunter created by Adam Dawes in association with Retrospec , initially released in 2003 .
The China Maru was a 5,870 gross ton cargo ship built by Kawasaki Dockyard Company , Kobe , for Kawasaki Kisen Kabushiki Kaisha in 1920 . The cargo ship ran aground off Balum Island , Feni Islands , Papua New Guinea , on 26 June 1939 , while steaming to Sydney from Yokohama , and was later refloated . She was requisitioned in 1941 by the Imperial Japanese Navy for use during World War II . On 10 March 1942 , during the invasion of Lae-Salamaua , "China Maru" was damaged by SBD aircraft from the United States Navy aircraft carriers USS "Lexington" and USS "Yorktown" off Lae , New Guinea . The Douglas SBD Dauntless was a World War II American naval scout plane and dive bomber that was manufactured by Douglas Aircraft from 1940 through 1944 . The SBD ( "Scout Bomber Douglas" ) was the United States Navy 's main carrier-borne scout plane and dive bomber from mid-1940 through mid-1944 . The SBD was also flown by the United States Marine Corps , both from land air bases and aircraft carriers . The SBD is best remembered as the bomber that delivered the fatal blows to the Japanese carriers at the Battle of Midway in June 1942 . The type earned its nickname "Slow But Deadly" ( with the SBD initials ) during this period .
Ghostkeeper is a 1981 Canadian independent horror film directed by Jim Makichuk . The story centers on a trio of snowmobilers in the Canadian Rockies who become stranded at an abandoned hotel , where an old woman is hiding an evil entity within the basement . The film 's plot is inspired by the Windigo legend of North America . The legend lends its name to the controversial modern medical term Wendigo psychosis , described by psychiatrists as a culture-bound syndrome with symptoms such as an intense craving for human flesh and a fear of becoming a cannibal . In some Indigenous communities , environmental destruction and insatiable greed are also seen as a manifestation of Wendigo Psychosis .
The Kreisky–Peter–Wiesenthal affair was a political and personal feud in the 1970s fought between the then Austrian chancellor Bruno Kreisky and the Nazi hunter Simon Wiesenthal arising from Kreisky 's ministerial appointments and the SS past of Freedom Party leader Friedrich Peter , which had been revealed by Wiesenthal . Simon Wiesenthal ( 31 December 1908 – 20 September 2005 ) was a Jewish Austrian Holocaust survivor , Nazi hunter , and writer .
Kadaperi is a geographical region in West Tambaram , Chennai , India . The name comes from "Kada" meaning door or gateway in Kannada/Tamil and "eri" meaning lake , hence Gateway Lake to Chennai . With a population of around 2000 people , Kadaperi is close to the Madras Export Processing Zone , which is the first Special Economic Zone in Chennai . "Pachai Malai" grassland and lakes are present in the area . A special economic zone ( SEZ ) is an area in which business and trade laws are different from rest of the country . SEZs are located within a country 's national borders , and their aims include : increased trade , increased investment , job creation and effective administration . To encourage businesses to set up in the zone , financial policies are introduced . These policies typically regard investing , taxation , trading , quotas , customs and labour regulations . Additionally , companies may be offered tax holidays , where upon establishing in a zone they are granted a period of lower taxation .
The 1970 FIFA World Cup was the ninth FIFA World Cup , the quadrennial international football championship for men 's national teams . Held from 31 May to 21 June in Mexico , it was the first World Cup tournament staged in North America , and the first held outside Europe and South America . Teams representing 75 nations from all six populated continents entered the competition , and its qualification rounds began in May 1968 . Fourteen teams qualified from this process to join host nation Mexico and defending champions England in the sixteen-team final tournament . El Salvador , Israel , and Morocco made their first appearances at the final stage , and Peru their first since 1930 . George Borba ( Hebrew : ג'ורג ' בורבה‎ ; born in 1944 in Italy ) , is a former Israeli international footballer who was part of the squad that competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1970 FIFA World Cup , Israel 's only world cup appearance .
Roxie Hart , also known as Chicago or Chicago Gal , is a 1942 American comedy film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Ginger Rogers , Adolphe Menjou , George Montgomery , Nigel Bruce , Phil Silvers , William Frawley and Spring Byington . The film is an adaptation of the 1926 play "Chicago" by Maurine Dallas Watkins , a journalist who had found her inspiration in two real-life Chicago trials she had covered for the press . The play had already been adapted once before , as the 1927 silent movie "Chicago" , and it would later be adapted as the 1975 musical "Chicago" , which in turn was adapted as the 2002 film "Chicago" . Phil Silvers ( May 11 , 1911 – November 1 , 1985 ) was an American entertainer and comedic actor , known as "The King of Chutzpah" . He is best known for starring in "The Phil Silvers Show" , a 1950s sitcom set on a U.S. Army post in which he played Master Sergeant Ernest ( Ernie ) Bilko .
Hyacinthoides is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae , known as bluebells . Anthriscus or chervil is a common plant genus of the family Apiaceae , growing in Europe and temperate parts of Asia . It comprises 15 species , some of which are considered as noxious weeds . The genus grows in meadows and verges on slightly wet porous soils . One species , "Anthriscus cerefolium" is cultivated and used in the kitchen to flavor foods .
Sul América Esporte Clube , commonly known as Sul América , is a Brazilian football club based in Manaus , Amazonas . They won the Campeonato Amazonense two times and competed in the Copa do Brasil once . Manaus ( ] ] ) or Manaós before 1939 or ( formerly ) Barra do Rio Negro , is the capital city of the state of Amazonas in the North Region of Brazil . It is situated near the confluence of the Negro and Solimões rivers . With a population of more than 2 million , it is the most populous city of both the Brazilian state of Amazonas and the Amazon rainforest .
The 1951 Asian Games , officially known as the First Asian Games , was a multi-sport event celebrated in New Delhi , India from 4 to 11 March 1951 . The Games received names like First Asiad and 1951 Asiad . A total of 489 athletes representing 11 Asian National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) participated in 57 events from eight sports and discipline . The Games was the successor of the Far Eastern Games and the revival of the Western Asiatic Games . The 1951 Asiad were originally scheduled to be held in 1950 , but postponed until 1951 due to delays in preparations . On 13 February 1949 , the Asian Games Federation was formally established in Delhi , with Delhi unanimously announced as the first host city of the Asian Games . < br > The games were managed by a strong Organising Committee ( see Organisation below ) . < br > Countries invited included almost all the independent Asian countries of the time except Soviet Union and Vietnam , due to the political structure of those nations . This is a list of sports played in the Asian Games and other major affiliated games organised by the Olympic Council of Asia . On 29 June 2009 , the OCA announced major changes to the event lists in the five major events , in particular aiming to restrict each sport to be played in not more than one event , although exemptions may be made . The first round of changes commenced with the 2014 Asian Games when the number of events was recommended to be restricted to 35 with 28 Olympic sports and up to a maximum of seven non-Olympic sports . Some events currently in the Asian Games programme may henceforth be relegated to the newly formed Asian Indoor-Martial Arts Games which was first held in 2013 or to the Asian Beach Games .
The PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) is a home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment . It is the successor to PlayStation 2 , and is part of the PlayStation brand of consoles . It was first released on November 11 , 2006 , in Japan , November 17 , 2006 , in North America , and March 23 , 2007 , in Europe and Australia . The PlayStation 3 mainly competes against consoles such as Microsoft 's Xbox 360 and Nintendo 's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles . Ratatouille is a video game based on the Pixar film of the same name . It was developed at Heavy Iron Studios and released by THQ , on June 26 , 2007 . "Ratatouille" was released on thirteen systems—Wii , Nintendo DS , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 2 , PSP , Xbox 360 , Xbox , Nintendo GameCube , Game Boy Advance , Microsoft Windows , OS X , J2ME , and mobile phone .
Khilona ( English : Toy ) is a 1970 Indian drama film , produced by L.V . Prasad on Prasad Productions Pvt.Ltd . banner and directed by Chander Vohra . Starring Sanjeev Kumar , Mumtaz , Jeetendra in lead roles . Other actors in supporting roles are Shatrughan Sinha , Durga Khote , Ramesh Deo , Jagdeep and music composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal . The film recorded as "Super Hit" at the box office . The film was a remake of Telugu film "Punarjanma" . The film was not remade in Tamil instead both Hindi and Tamil version were simultaneously made . Tamil version had "Engirundho Vandhaal" with Sivaji Ganesan and Jayalalithaa . The film was also remade in Malayalam as "Amrithavaahini" . Jayaram Jayalalithaa ( born Komalavalli , 24 February 1948 – 5 December 2016 ) was an Indian actor and politician who served six terms as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu for over fourteen years between 1991 and 2016 . From 1989 she was the general secretary of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( AIADMK ) , a Dravidian party whose cadre revered her as their "Amma" ( mother ) , "Puratchi Thalaivi" ( revolutionary leader ) and "Thanga Tharagai" ( golden maiden ) . Her critics in the media and the opposition accused her of fostering a personality cult , and of demanding absolute loyalty from AIADMK legislators and ministers who often publicly prostrated themselves before her .
Robert Allen Iger ( ; born February 10 , 1951 ) is an American businessman who is chairman and chief executive officer ( CEO ) of The Walt Disney Company . Before Disney , Iger served as the president of ABC Television from 1994 to 1995 and the president and chief operating officer ( COO ) of Capital Cities/ABC , Inc. from 1995 until Disney 's acquisition of the company in 1996 . He was named president and COO of Disney in 2000 , and later succeeded Michael Eisner as CEO in 2005 , after a successful effort by Roy E. Disney to shake up the management of the company . As part of his yearly compensation , Iger earned $ 44.9 million in 2015 . Christine M. McCarthy is an American businesswoman and the chief financial officer ( CFO ) of The Walt Disney Company . McCarthy reports to chief executive officer ( CEO ) Robert A. Iger .
Aaron Goodwin is a sports agent who represents players in the National Basketball Association and Women 's National Basketball Association . He was the initial agent for LeBron James , and negotiated endorsement deals paying James over $ 135 million , including a $ 90 million deal with Nike . James later left Goodwin in favor of agent Leon Rose . He was initially Kevin Durant 's agent , but Durant moved to Rob Pelinka . Goodwin 's other clients have included Dwight Howard , Chris Webber , Damian Lillard , Gary Payton , Jason Kidd , Shareef Abdur-Rahim , Vin Baker , DeMar DeRozan , Damon Stoudamire , Todd MacCulloch , Nate Robinson , and Candace Parker . In 2004 , he was ranked eighth on "Sports Illustrated" < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > s list of the Most Influential Minorities in Sports . Nathaniel Cornelius Robinson ( born May 31 , 1984 ) is an American professional basketball player for Guaros de Lara of the Liga Profesional de Baloncesto ( LPB ) . Born in Seattle , Robinson played college basketball for the University of Washington in Seattle and was the 21st pick in the 2005 NBA draft . The 5 ' 9" point guard has also played for the New York Knicks , Boston Celtics , Oklahoma City Thunder , Golden State Warriors , Chicago Bulls , and Denver Nuggets . Robinson is the NBA 's first three-time slam dunk champion .
Judgment Day : Intelligent Design on Trial is an award-winning NOVA documentary on the case of "Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District" —which concentrated on the question of whether or not intelligent design could be viewed as science and taught in school science class . It first aired on PBS stations nationwide , on November 13 , 2007 , with many reruns , and features interviews with the judge , witnesses , and lawyers as well as re-enacted scenes using the official transcript of the trial . Tammy Kitzmiller , et al . v. Dover Area School District , et al . ( 400 F. Supp . 2d 707 , Docket No . 4cv2688 ) was the first direct challenge brought in the United States federal courts testing a public school district policy that required the teaching of intelligent design . In October 2004 , the Dover Area School District of York County , Pennsylvania , changed its biology teaching curriculum to require that intelligent design be presented as an alternative to evolution theory , and that "Of Pandas and People" , a textbook advocating intelligent design , was to be used as a reference book . The prominence of this textbook during the trial was such that the case is sometimes referred to as the Dover Panda Trial , a name which recalls the popular name of the Scopes Monkey Trial in Tennessee , 80 years earlier . The plaintiffs successfully argued that intelligent design is a form of creationism , and that the school board policy violated the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution . The judge 's decision sparked considerable response from both supporters and critics .
Jehovah ( ) is a Latinization of the Hebrew , one vocalization of the Tetragrammaton ( YHWH ) , one of the seven proper names of the God of Israel in the Hebrew Bible . Pietro Colonna Galatino ( 1460 – 1540 ) , also known as Petrus Galatinus , was an Italian Friar Minor , philosopher , theologian and Orientalist . He is sometimes referred to as the "inventor" of the Latinized term Jehovah ; however , this is really not accurate . The pronuntiation "Jehovah" occurred as a result of mixing the Tetragrammaton "YHWH" with the vowels of "Adonai ," which the Jewish Masoretes had added to the Hebrew text to remind readers NOT to pronounce the Holy Name of God "YHWH" , but substitute , in reading , "Adonai" which means "Lord ."
Michael Steven Hessman ( born March 5 , 1978 ) is an American former professional baseball first baseman and third baseman . He played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Atlanta Braves , Detroit Tigers and New York Mets and in Nippon Professional Baseball ( NPB ) for the Orix Buffaloes . He is currently the hitting coach for the West Michigan Whitecaps . Russell Loris Arlett ( January 3 , 1899 – May 16 , 1964 ) , also known as Buzz Arlett , was an American baseball player of German descent , sometimes called "the Babe Ruth of the minor leagues ." Like Ruth , Arlett was a large man ( 6 ' 4" and 230 pounds ( 104 kg ) ) who began his career as a pitcher before becoming his league 's dominant home run hitter . He was for many decades the all-time minor league home run king in the United States , until being surpassed by Mike Hessman on August 3 , 2015 . He spent one season with the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
The name Ann has been used for three tropical cyclones in the western north Pacific Ocean . It should not be confused with the similar names of Ana or Anna . The name Ana has been used for seven tropical cyclones in the Atlantic Ocean and one in the Central Pacific .
Plainview is a neighborhood in the city of Jeffersontown , Kentucky and is located on the former site of the Plainview Dairy Farm . It is a Planned Unit Development which includes housing , workplaces , and shopping within a single development . Jeffersontown is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County , Kentucky , United States . The population was 26,595 at the 2010 U.S. census .
Cowie Castle is a ruined fortress in Aberdeenshire , Scotland . The site lies at the northern end of Stonehaven on the North Sea coast . To the immediate south is the Cowie Bridge crossing of the Cowie Water . Evidence of prehistoric man exists in the vicinity dating to the Iron Age in the form of ring cairns . Allardice Castle ( also spelled Allardyce ) is a sixteenth-century manor house in Kincardineshire , Scotland . This monument is occupied by the Cowie family and is approximately 1.5 kilometres northwest of the town of Inverbervie . The Bervie Water flows around Allardice Castle on both sides . Allardice may be viewed as one of a chain of coastal castles ; to the north are Dunnottar Castle ( ruined ) , Fetteresso Castle , Cowie Castle ( ruined ) and Muchalls Castle . The castle is a category A listed building .
Ice Cream Man is a 1995 horror comedy film produced and directed by Norman Apstein , in his first and only attempt at mainstream filmmaking , written by Sven Davison and David Dobkin ( who later wrote and directed the films "Wedding Crashers" and "Fred Claus" ) , and stars Clint Howard . The film made for an estimated $ 2 million budget , disappeared quickly after its release , but in recent years has developed a cult following among viewers who see it as an unintentional comedy , and enjoy it for its unintentionally campy production values . Joe Bob Briggs hosted the film on TNT , when it was shown on MonsterVision and Howard made an appearance , discussing the film with Briggs . It was released on DVD in 2004 . Fred Claus is a 2007 American fantasy comedy family film directed by David Dobkin , written by Dan Fogelman and Jessie Nelson , and starring Vince Vaughn and Paul Giamatti . The film was released on November 9 , 2007 in the US and later released in the UK on November 30 , 2007 by Warner Bros. Pictures . It is loosely based on the poem "A legend of Santa and his brother Fred" written by Donald Henkel .
The University of Arizona ( also referred to as U of A , UA , or Arizona ) is a public research university in Tucson , Arizona , United States . Founded in 1885 , the UA was the first university in the Arizona Territory . The university operates two medical schools ( University of Arizona College of Medicine - Tucson and the University of Arizona College of Medicine - Phoenix ) and is affiliated with the region 's only academic medical centers ( Banner - University Medical Center Tucson and Banner - University Medical Center Phoenix ) . The university is also home to the James E. Rogers College of Law and numerous other nationally ranked graduate and professional schools . During the 2016–2017 academic year , there was a total enrollment of 43,625 students , including 34,072 undergraduates The University of Arizona is governed by the Arizona Board of Regents . The University of Arizona is one of the elected members of the Association of American Universities ( an organization of North America 's premier research institutions ) and is the only representative from the state of Arizona to this group . The Presbyterian University College , Ghana is a partially private & public university located at Abetifi-Kwahu in the Eastern Region of Ghana . It is one of the new universities in Ghana granted accreditation by the National Accreditation Board . It was established by the Presbyterian Church of Ghana on 23 November 2003 and inaugurated on 27 March 2004 by the president of Ghana , John Agyekum Kufuor .
North Blenheim is a hamlet in the town of Blenheim , New York . It had the longest wooden , single-span covered bridge in the United States , the Old Blenheim Bridge . It was built in 1855 and existed until 2011 , when it was destroyed by flooding caused by Hurricane Irene . The "Blenheim Gilboa Power Project Visitors Center" is also located there . Hurricane Irene was a large and destructive tropical cyclone , which affected much of the Caribbean and East Coast of the United States during late August 2011 . Irene is ranked as the ninth-costliest hurricane in United States history . The ninth named storm , first hurricane , and first major hurricane of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season , Irene originated from a well-defined Atlantic tropical wave that began showing signs of organization east of the Lesser Antilles . Due to development of atmospheric convection and a closed center of circulation , the system was designated as Tropical Storm Irene on August 20 , 2011 . After intensifying , Irene made landfall in St. Croix as a strong tropical storm later that day . Early on August 21 , the storm made a second landfall in Puerto Rico . While crossing the island , Irene strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane . The storm paralleled offshore of Hispaniola , continuing to slowly intensify in the process . Shortly before making four landfalls in the Bahamas , Irene peaked as a 120 mph Category 3 hurricane .
Michael Fassbender ( born 2 April 1977 ) is an Irish actor . His feature film debut was in the fantasy war epic "300" ( 2007 ) as a Spartan warrior ; his earlier roles included various stage productions , as well as starring roles on television such as in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" ( 2001 ) and the Sky One fantasy drama "Hex" ( 2004–05 ) . He first came to prominence for his role as IRA activist Bobby Sands in "Hunger" ( 2008 ) , for which he won a British Independent Film Award . Subsequent roles include in the independent film "Fish Tank" ( 2009 ) , as a Royal Marines lieutenant in "Inglourious Basterds" ( 2009 ) , as Edward Rochester in the 2011 film adaptation of "Jane Eyre" , as Carl Jung in "A Dangerous Method" ( 2011 ) , as the sentient android David 8 in "Prometheus" ( 2012 ) and its sequel , "" ( 2017 ) , and in the musical comedy-drama "Frank" ( 2014 ) as an eccentric musician loosely inspired by Frank Sidebottom . Liam Cunningham ( born 2 June 1961 ) is an Irish stage and screen actor . He is known for playing Davos Seaworth in the HBO epic-fantasy series "Game of Thrones" . He has been nominated for the London Film Critics ' Circle Award , the British Independent Film Award , has won two Irish Film & Television Awards , and shared a BAFTA with Michael Fassbender , for their crime-drama short film "Pitch Black Heist" .
Theodore Anthony Nugent ( ; born December 13 , 1948 ) is an American singer-songwriter , musician and activist . Nugent initially gained fame as the lead guitarist of the Amboy Dukes , a band formed in 1963 that played psychedelic rock and hard rock . After playing with the Amboy Dukes , he embarked on a solo career . Hunt Music is a compilation album by Ted Nugent . The album did not see a large release but is still available on Internet sites . The second disc contains bonus tracks recorded by Ted Nugent . "I Just Wan na Go Hunting" had been unreleased .
Nicholas Christopher ( born 1951 ) is an American novelist , poet and critic , the author of sixteen books : six novels , eight volumes of poetry , a critical study of film noir , and a novel for children . Roger Joseph Ebert ( ; June 18 , 1942 – April 4 , 2013 ) was an American film critic and historian , journalist , screenwriter , and author . He was a film critic for the "Chicago Sun-Times" from 1967 until his death in 2013 . In 1975 , Ebert became the first film critic to win the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism .
Michael Jones ( born November 18 , 1981 ) is an American rapper , actor , and entrepreneur . He initially was with Swishahouse , then left to found his own label , Ice Age . Before he was on Swishahouse he was in a group called Souf Folk , in which he used the alias Sache . He released one album with Souf Folk called "Country Thuggin" in 2003 . He is also known for his catchphrase "Mike Jones , who ?" usually repeated several times and for handing out shirts with his cell phone number ( 281-330-8004 ) printed on the back . Faces is the eleventh mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Mac Miller . It was released online via free digital download on May 11 , 2014 , by REMember Music . The mixtape features guest appearances from Rick Ross , Earl Sweatshirt , ScHoolboy Q , Mike Jones , Sir Michael Rocks , Vince Staples , Ab-Soul , Da $ H , and King Ralph of Malibu .
Róisín Marie Murphy ( ; ] ; born 5 July 1973 ) is an Irish singer-songwriter and record producer . She first became known in the 1990s as one-half of the UK trip hop duo Moloko with her partner Mark Brydon . After the breakup of Moloko , Murphy embarked on a solo career , releasing her debut solo album , "Ruby Blue" , written and produced with experimental musician Matthew Herbert , to critical praise in 2005 . Her second solo album , "Overpowered" , was released in 2007 . Terry Alan Kath ( January 31 , 1946 – January 23 , 1978 ) was an American musician and songwriter , best known as the original guitarist , one of the lead singers and founding members of the rock band Chicago . He has been praised by the band for his guitar skills and Ray Charles-influenced vocal style .
Sufism or Taṣawwuf ( Arabic : الْتَّصَوُّف [ sect ] ; personal noun : صُوفِيّ - "ṣūfiyy" / "ṣūfī" , مُتَصَوّف - "mutaṣawwūf" ) , which is often defined as "Islamic mysticism" , "the inward dimension of Islam" , or "the phenomenon of mysticism within Islam" , is a mystical trend in Islam "characterized ... [ by particular ] values , ritual practices , doctrines and institutions" which began very early on in Islamic history and which represents "the main manifestation and the most important and central crystallization of" mystical practice in Islam . Although the overwhelming majority of Sufis , both pre-modern and modern , have been adherents of Sunni Islam , there nevertheless also developed certain strands of Sufi practice within the ambit of Shia Islam during the late medieval period . Ovamir Anjum is the Imam Khattab Chair of Islamic Studies at the Department of Philosophy , University of Toledo . He studies the connections between theology , ethics , politics , and law in classical and medieval Islam , with a subfocus on its comparisons with western thought . Related fields of study include Islamic philosophy and Sufism .
"Into Dust" is a song by American duo Mazzy Star that appears as the ninth track on their second album "So Tonight That I Might See" . The song 's arrangement is sparse and features only acoustic guitar and violin as accompaniment to the vocals . Mazzy Star is an American alternative rock band formed in Santa Monica , California , in 1989 from the group Opal , a collaboration of guitarist David Roback and bassist Kendra Smith . Roback 's friend Hope Sandoval became the group 's vocalist when Smith left the band .
Castle Air Force Base ( 1941–1995 ) is a former United States Air Force Strategic Air Command base located northeast of Atwater , northwest of Merced and about 115 miles ( 185 km ) south of Sacramento , California . The Sierra Academy of Aeronautics is an aviation flight school headquartered in Atwater , California . It operates its training facility at the former Castle Air Force Base in Atwater , California . Sierra Academy is also contracted by several foreign air carriers to perform pilot training , including Shanghai Airlines .
Francisco Gaudencio Lope Belardo Mañalac ( born March 21 , 1976 ) , popularly known as Bamboo Mañalac or simply by the mononym Bamboo , is a Filipino American musician and singer-songwriter . He began his career as vocalist and original frontman of Rivermaya and later fronted his own band , Bamboo . Bamboo band disbanded in 2011 and Mañalac then pursued a solo career and released his first solo album , "No Water , No Moon" . Danny Jones ( born 12 March 1986 ) is a British musician who is one of the lead vocalists and guitarists for pop-rock band McFly . Jones ' fellow band members are Tom Fletcher ( guitar and vocals ) , Dougie Poynter ( bass and vocals ) , and Harry Judd ( drums ) .
Manning Marius Kimmel ( April 22 , 1913 - on or around July 26 , 1944 ) was a United States Navy submarine officer in World War II and the son of Admiral Husband E. Kimmel . He served as both junior and Executive Officer on several submarines , and finally assumed command of USS "Robalo" as a Lieutenant Commander . Kimmel was reportedly killed when "Robalo" was sunk off the island of Palawan . However , the specific circumstances surrounding his death remain unclear . Husband Edward Kimmel ( February 26 , 1882 – May 14 , 1968 ) , nicknamed "Kim" , was an admiral in the United States Navy . At the time of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , he was Commander in Chief of the United States Fleet ( CINCUS ) and the U.S. Pacific Fleet ( CINCPACFLT ) . He was removed from command after the December 1941 attack and reduced from four-star to the two-star rank of rear admiral . He retired from the Navy in early 1942 .
Rolling Papers is a 2015 documentary film directed by Mitch Dickman and featuring Ricardo Baca . The Bomb is a 2015 American documentary film about the history of nuclear weapons , from theoretical scientific considerations at the very beginning , to their first use on August 6 , 1945 , to their global political implications in the present-day . The two-hour PBS film was written and directed by Rushmore DeNooyer , who noted the project took a year and a half to complete , since much of the film footage and images was only recently declassified by the United States Department of Defense . According to DeNooyer , “ It wouldn ’ t take very many bombs to really change life on Earth , ... The idea that there are thousands of them sitting around is pretty scary . I don ’ t think people today realize that . They don ’ t think about it . I don ’ t think they are scared . But in a way , they should be. ” Mark Dawidziak , of the "Cleveland Plain Dealer" , summarized the film as follows : "" The Bomb" moves swiftly to cover Hiroshima and Nagasaki , the Cold War , the arms race , the Red Scare , the witch hunt , the Cuban Missile Crisis , test-ban treaties , the "Star Wars" initiative , the anti-nuke movement , the collapse of the Soviet Union and the rise of new nuclear threats ." According to historian Richard Rhodes , “ The invention [ of 'The Bomb ' ] was a millennial change in human history : for the first time , we were now capable of our own destruction , as a species . ”
Charles Edward Louis John Casimir Sylvester Severino Maria Stuart ( 31 December 1720 – 31 January 1788 ) , commonly known in Britain during his lifetime as The Young Pretender and The Young Chevalier , and often known in retrospective accounts as Bonnie Prince Charlie , was the second Jacobite pretender to the thrones of England , Scotland , France and Ireland ( as Charles III ) from the death of his father in 1766 . This claim was based on his status as the eldest son of James Francis Edward Stuart , himself the son of James VII and II . Charles is perhaps best known as the instigator of the unsuccessful Jacobite uprising of 1745 , in which he led an insurrection to restore his family to the throne of Great Britain . The uprising ended in defeat at the Battle of Culloden , effectively terminating the Jacobite cause . Jacobites supported the Stuart claim because they hoped for religious toleration for Roman Catholics and because they believed in the divine right of kings . Charles 's flight from Scotland after the uprising has rendered him a romantic figure of heroic failure in some later representations . In 1759 he was involved in a French plan to invade Britain , which was abandoned after British naval victories . Sir John Wedderburn , 5th Baronet of Blackness was a Perthshire gentleman who joined the 1745 rebellion of Charles Edward Stuart and , captured at the Battle of Culloden , was afterwards convicted of treason . He was hanged , his estates were forfeit to the Crown , and his family was attainted .
The Brighton hotel bombing was a Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) assassination attempt against the top tier of the British government in 1984 that occurred on 12 October 1984 at the Grand Brighton Hotel in Brighton , England . A long-delay time bomb was planted in the hotel by IRA member Patrick Magee , with the purpose of killing Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet , who were staying at the hotel for the Conservative Party conference . Although Thatcher narrowly escaped injury , five people were killed including a sitting Conservative MP , and 31 were injured . Patrick Joseph Magee ( born 1951 ) is a former Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) Terrorist , best known for planting a bomb in the Brighton 's Grand Hotel targeting Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her cabinet , which killed two men and three women . He is sometimes referred to as the "Brighton bomber" .
Umm-e-Kulsoom is a drama that aired on ARY Digital in the year 2011 . The drama is directed by the best award winning director of Pakistan i.e . Babar Javed . The serial has an ensemble cast consisting of Aamina Sheikh , Hasan Ahmed , Neelam Muneer , Zaheen Tahira , Ismat Zaidi , Sami Khan and Faisal Qureshi . Faysal Qureshi ( Urdu : ‎ , born October 26 , 1973 ) is a Pakistani actor and television host . He was born in Lahore , Pakistan to famous film actress Afshan Qureshi .
Control Room is a 2004 documentary film about Al Jazeera and its relations with the US Central Command ( CENTCOM ) , as well as the other news organizations that covered the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Made by Egyptian-American filmmaker Jehane Noujaim , the film was distributed by Magnolia Pictures ( owned by 2929 Entertainment ) . Meeting Resistance is a 2007 documentary film about the Iraq War . The film presents the views of eleven Iraqi resistance fighters in the Adhamiyah neighborhood of Baghdad . The film was directed by journalists Molly Bingham ( United States ) and Steve Connors ( UK ) .
Camille Delamarre is a French film editor and director , best known for directing "The Transporter Refueled" and "Brick Mansions" . He edited films including "Transporter 3" and "Taken 2 ", among others . Transporter 3 ( French : Le Transporteur 3 ) is a 2008 French action film and the third installment in the "Transporter" franchise . Both Jason Statham and François Berléand reprise their roles , as Frank Martin and Tarconi , respectively . This is the first film in the series to be directed by Olivier Megaton . The film continues the story of Frank Martin , a professional "transporter" who has returned to France to continue his low-key business of delivering packages without question .
Wildcat Brook , also known as the Wildcat River , is a 9.05 mi stream in the White Mountains of New Hampshire , in the United States . It rises at Carter Notch in the township of Bean 's Purchase in Coos County , and flows south through the town of Jackson in Carroll County to its confluence with the Ellis River near the town 's southern boundary . At Jackson Falls , near the town center , the stream descends 120 ft in 1/4 mi over scenic granite ledges , paralleled by New Hampshire Route 16B ( Carter Notch Road ) . The surrounding area is part of the Jackson Falls Historic District . Carroll County is a county located in the state of New Hampshire , in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the population was 47,818 , making it the third-least populous county in New Hampshire . Its county seat is Ossipee . The county was created in 1840 and organized at Ossipee from towns removed from Strafford County . It was named in honor of Charles Carroll of Carrollton , who had died in 1832 , the last surviving signer of the United States Declaration of Independence .
Chandgi Ram ( 9 November 1937 – 29 June 2010 ) , often referred to as Master Chandgi Ram , was a freestyle wrestler from India . He won gold medal in the 1970 Asian Games and represented India in the 1972 Summer Olympics . Along with amateur wrestling , he was very active in the traditional Indian wrestling , where he had won all major titles , including Hind Kesari , "Bharat Kesari" , "Bharat Bhim" , "Rustom-e-Hind" and "Maha Bharat Kesari" . The 6th Asian Games were held from December 9 , 1970 , to December 20 , 1970 , in Bangkok , Thailand . Originally Seoul , South Korea was selected to host the 6th Games but it declined due to both financial reasons and security threats from neighboring North Korea but eventually the city finally hosted in 1986 . Previous host Thailand stepped in to save the Asiad and staged the Games using the funds of South Korea . A total number of 2,400 athletes , coming from 18 countries , competed in this Asiad , where yachting made its debut .
William Hesketh Lever , 1st Viscount Leverhulme ( ; 19 September 1851 – 7 May 1925 ) was an English industrialist , philanthropist , and politician . Having been educated at a small private school until the age of nine , then at church schools until he was fifteen ; a somewhat privileged education for that time , he started work at his father 's wholesale grocery business in Bolton . Following an apprenticeship and a series of appointments in the family business , which he successfully expanded , he began manufacturing Sunlight Soap , building a substantial business empire with many well-known brands such as Lux and Lifebuoy . In 1886 , together with his brother , James , he established Lever Brothers , which was one of the first companies to manufacture soap from vegetable oils , and which is now part of the Anglo-Dutch transnational business Unilever . In politics , Lever briefly sat as a Liberal MP for Wirral and later , as Lord Leverhulme , in the House of Lords as a Peer . He was an advocate for expansion of the British Empire , particularly in Africa and Asia , which supplied palm oil , a key ingredient in Lever 's product line . The Lady Lever Art Gallery is a museum founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist William Lever , 1st Viscount Leverhulme and opened in 1922 . The museum is a significant surviving example of late Victorian and Edwardian taste . The Lady Lever Art Gallery is set in the garden village of Port Sunlight , close to Liverpool . It houses major collections of fine and decorative art that are an expression of Lord Leverhulme ’ s personal taste and collecting interests . The collection is strongest in British 19th-century painting and sculpture , spilling over to include late 18th-century and early 20th works . There are also important collections of English furniture , Wedgwood , especially jasperware , and Chinese ceramics , and smaller groups of other types of objects , such as Ancient Greek vases and Roman sculpture . The majority of objects were part of the original donation , but the collection has continued to expand at a modest rate .
Sarah Lee Bolger ( born 28 February 1991 ) is an Irish actress . She is best known for her roles in the films "In America" , "Stormbreaker" , and "The Spiderwick Chronicles" , as well as her award-winning role as Lady Mary Tudor in the TV series "The Tudors" , and for guest starring as Princess Aurora in "Once Upon a Time" . The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 American fantasy adventure film based on the bestselling book series of the same name by Holly Black and Tony DiTerlizzi . It was directed by Mark Waters and stars Freddie Highmore , Sarah Bolger , Mary-Louise Parker , Martin Short , Nick Nolte , and Seth Rogen . Set in the Spiderwick Estate in New England , it follows the adventures of Jared Grace and his family as they discover a field guide to faeries , battle goblins , mole trolls and other magical creatures .
S. Sylvan Simon ( March 9 , 1910 – May 17 , 1951 ) was an American stage/film director and producer . John Danny Cannon ( born 1968 in Luton , England ) is a British film and television writer , director and producer .
The ABCs of Death is a 2012 American anthology horror comedy film produced by international producers and directed by filmmakers from around the world . The film contains 26 different shorts , each by different directors spanning fifteen countries , including Nacho Vigalondo , Kaare Andrews , Adam Wingard , Simon Barrett , Banjong Pisanthanakun , Ben Wheatley , Lee Hardcastle , Noboru Iguchi , Ti West , and Angela Bettis . ABCs of Death 2.5 is a 2016 American anthology horror comedy film produced by Ant Timpson , Ted Geoghegan and Tim League . It contains different shorts , each by different directors . It is a sequel to "The ABCs of Death" and "ABCs of Death 2" . It is composed of the best selections from the 540 shorts that were submitted for the previous film . It is described as , "a highlight reel for the next generation of horror filmmakers ." It premiered at the inaugural Nightmares Film Festival October 20 , 2016 in Columbus , Ohio .
Bořeň ( 539 m ) ( also known as Biliner-stein , Borschen ) , is a phonolite hill two kilometres south of Bílina in northwest Bohemia , Czech Republic . When seen from the northwest side , the hill has the shape of a lying lion . It is a structure similar to the Devils Tower in Wyoming , and is the largest phonolite structure of its kind in Europe . Bořen dominates both the town Bílina and the Czech Central Mountains , with its distinctive silhouette visible from a number of remote locations . Devils Tower ( also Bear Lodge Butte ) is a laccolithic butte composed of igneous rock in the Bear Lodge Mountains ( part of the Black Hills ) near Hulett and Sundance in Crook County , northeastern Wyoming , above the Belle Fourche River . It rises dramatically 1,267 feet ( 386 m ) above the Belle Fourche River , standing 867 feet ( 265 m ) from summit to base . The summit is 5,112 feet ( 1,559 m ) above sea level .
John Winston Ono Lennon , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born John Winston Lennon ; 9 October 19408 December 1980 ) was an English singer , songwriter , musician , and activist who co-founded the Beatles , the most commercially successful and musically influential band in the history of popular music . He and fellow member Paul McCartney formed a much-celebrated songwriting partnership . Mersey Beat was a music publication in Liverpool , England in the early 1960s . It was founded by Bill Harry , who was one of John Lennon 's classmates at Liverpool Art College . The paper carried news about all the local Liverpool bands , and stars who came to town to perform .
The Brea Mall is a shopping mall located in the Orange County city of Brea , California . Since 1998 the mall has been owned and operated by the Simon Property Group . It is home to four major department stores , over 175 specialty shops and boutiques , and a food court . It is approximately 1,310,000 square feet ( 1.31 million ) . Torrid is an American women 's retail chain formerly owned by Hot Topic . While it is still under the same parent umbrella as Hot Topic , in 2015 the company branched off to become Torrid , LLC . The store offers plus-size clothing and accessories for women and teenage girls sizes 10- 30 . Torrid began operations in April 2001 . The first location opened in the Brea Mall in Brea , California . As of 2016 , Torrid has over 400 stores in operation across 36 states in the United States . Torrid opened its first store location in Canada ( Toronto ) in August 2015 .
Francis Albert Sinatra ( ; ] ; December 12 , 1915 – May 14 , 1998 ) was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century . He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide . Born in Hoboken , New Jersey , to Italian immigrants , Sinatra began his musical career in the swing era with bandleaders Harry James and Tommy Dorsey . Sinatra found success as a solo artist after he signed with Columbia Records in 1943 , becoming the idol of the "bobby soxers" . He released his debut album , "The Voice of Frank Sinatra" , in 1946 . Sinatra 's professional career had stalled by the early 1950s , and he turned to Las Vegas , where he became one of its best known performers as part of the Rat Pack . His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of "From Here to Eternity" , with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor . Sinatra released several critically lauded albums , including "In the Wee Small Hours" ( 1955 ) , "Songs for Swingin ' Lovers ! "( 1956 ) , "Come Fly with Me" ( 1958 ) , "Only the Lonely" ( 1958 ) and "Nice ' n ' Easy" ( 1960 ) . Nivek Ogre ( born Kevin Graham Ogilvie December 5 , 1962 ) is a Canadian musician , performance artist and actor best known as a founding member of the industrial music group Skinny Puppy . Since that band featured another Kevin ( Crompton , a.k.a . cEvin Key ) and was produced by another Ogilvie ( Dave , a.k.a . Rave ) , Ogre 's alias was practical as well as theatrical . Since 1982 , he has served as Skinny Puppy 's primary lyricist and vocalist , occasionally providing instrumentation and samples . Ogre 's guttural singing style and use of costumes , props , and fake blood on stage helped to bring Skinny Puppy extensive publicity and has inspired numerous other musicians .
Damon Albarn , OBE ( ; born 23 March 1968 ) is an English singer , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist . He is the lead singer of the British rock band Blur and co-founder , vocalist , instrumentalist , and principal songwriter of the virtual band Gorillaz . Albarn is also part of two supergroups , one usually known as The Good , the Bad & the Queen , although it is stated that they are officially unnamed , and another named Rocket Juice & the Moon . Zakk Wylde ( born Jeffrey Phillip Wielandt on January 14 , 1967 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter , multi-instrumentalist and occasional actor who is best known as the guitarist for Ozzy Osbourne , and founder of the heavy metal band Black Label Society . His signature bulls-eye design appears on many of his guitars and is widely recognized . He was the lead guitarist and vocalist in Pride & Glory , who released one self-titled album in 1994 before disbanding . As a solo artist he released "Book of Shadows" and "Book of Shadows II" .
Milan ( ) is a town in Coos County , New Hampshire , United States . The population was 1,337 at the 2010 census . It is part of the Berlin , NH–VT Micropolitan Statistical Area . Nansen Ski Jump , also known as The Big Nansen and The Sleeping Giant , is a ski jump located along Route 16 in Milan , New Hampshire . Built in 1936 , it was the largest ski jump of its time . It is now within Nansen Ski Jump State Historic Site , a New Hampshire state park , which also features a picnic area and boat launch on the Androscoggin River .
The Big East Conference was a collegiate athletics conference that consisted of as many as 16 universities in the eastern half of the United States from 1979 to 2013 . The conference 's members participated in 24 NCAA sports . Three members had football programs but were not Big East football schools : Notre Dame football was independent while Georgetown and Villanova competed in the Football Championship Subdivision . Another five schools—DePaul , Marquette , Seton Hall , St. John 's , and Providence—discontinued or did not have football programs . The 1998 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1998 NCAA Division I-A football season . It was the Mountaineers ' 106th overall and 8th season as a member of the Big East Conference ( Big East ) . The team was led by head coach Don Nehlen , in his 19th year , and played their home games at Mountaineer Field in Morgantown , West Virginia . They finished the season with a record of eight wins and four losses ( 8–4 overall , 5–2 in the Big East ) and with a loss against Missouri in the Insight.com Bowl .
Paul Capellani ( September 9 , 1877 – November 7 , 1960 ) was a noted French silent film actor . His brother was the director Albert Capellani and his uncle the film director Roger Capellani who died May 1940 at the Battle of Dunkirk . The Battle of Dunkirk was a military operation that took place in Dunkirk ( Dunkerque ) , France , during the Second World War . The battle was fought between the Allies and Nazi Germany . As part of the Battle of France on the Western Front , the Battle of Dunkirk was the defence and evacuation of British and Allied forces in Europe from 26 May to 4 June 1940 .
Leycesteria is a genus of flowering plants in the honeysuckle family Caprifoliaceae , native to temperate Asia in the Himalaya and southwestern China . Anigozanthos is a small genus of Australian plants in the Bloodwort family Haemodoraceae . The 11 species and several subspecies are commonly known as kangaroo paw and catspaw depending on the shape of their flowers . A further species , previously identified as "Anigozanthos fuliginosus" and commonly known as the black kangaroo paw , has been transferred to its own monotypic genus and is now known as "Macropidia fuliginosa" .
The White House Office is an entity within the Executive Office of the President of the United States . The White House Office is headed by the White House Chief of Staff , who is also the head of the Executive Office of the President . The staff of the various offices are based in the West Wing and East Wing of the White House , the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , and the New Executive Office Building . The Eisenhower Executive Office Building ( EEOB ) — formerly known as the Old Executive Office Building ( OEOB ) and even earlier as the State , War , and Navy Building — is a U.S. government building situated just west of the White House in the U.S. capital of Washington , D.C . Maintained by the General Services Administration , it is occupied by the Executive Office of the President , including the Office of the Vice President of the United States .
Qinzhou ( postal : Yamchow , , Jyutping : "Jam1 zau1" ( Canton ) /" Ham1 zau1" ( Local ) ) is a prefecture-level city in Guangxi , China , lying on the Gulf of Tonkin and having an urban population of 433,000 . Jingjiang ( ) is a county-level city under the administration of Taizhou , Jiangsu province , China . It is located on the northern ( left ) bank of the Yangtze River , and is the southernmost county-level division of Taizhou City , bordering the prefecture-level cities of Nantong to the northeast , Suzhou to the southeast , Wuxi to the south , Changzhou to the southwest , and Zhenjiang to the west . . The area of Jingjiang is 655.6 square kilometres and the population was 684,360 at the 2010 census . The city is now part of Jiangyn-Zhangjiagang built-up area with 3,526,260 inhabitants , growing very fastly and that could nearly be part of Shanghai-Suzhou-Wuxi-Changzhou Megacity built-up area .
Starbucks Corporation is an American coffee company and coffeehouse chain . Starbucks was founded in Seattle , Washington in 1971 . As of November 2016 , it operates 23,768 locations worldwide . Park Avenue South is 2003 live album by pianist Dave Brubeck and his quartet . The album was recorded over two nights in a branch of Starbucks in Manhattan .
Mary and the Witch 's Flower ( Japanese : メアリと魔女の花 , Hepburn : Meari to Majo no Hana ) is a 2017 Japanese anime fantasy film directed by Hiromasa Yonebayashi and produced by Studio Ponoc , based on "The Little Broomstick" by Mary Stewart . This is Studio Ponoc 's first feature film . The film tells a story of a young girl named Mary who finds a mysterious flower that can give her the power to become a witch , which lasts for one night only . The film was released in Japan on July 8 , 2017 . Studio Ponoc ( 株式会社スタジオポノック , Kabushiki-gaisha Sutajio Ponokku ) is a Japanese animation studio based in Musashino , Tokyo , Japan . It was founded by Yoshiaki Nishimura in April 2015 . Its first feature film , "Mary and the Witch 's Flower" , was released in 2017 .
Karl von Habsburg ( Karl Thomas Robert Maria Franziskus Georg Bahnam ; born 11 January 1961 ) , also known as "Karl of Austria" and referred to in Austria as "Karl Habsburg-Lothringen" , is an Austrian politician , the current head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine which ruled the lands of the Habsburg Monarchy , the Empire of Austria the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy , and the Kingdom of Hungary as well as the Crown lands of Bohemia and Croatia by hereditary right until the end of World War I . Born in Starnberg , Germany , in 1961 , he is the son of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen , and the grandson of the last Austrian emperor , Charles I . He served as a Member of the European Parliament for the Austrian People 's Party 1996–1999 . Like his father , he is known as an advocate for the Pan-European movement . Ferdinand Zvonimir Maria Balthus Keith Michael Otto Antal Bahnam Leonhard von Habsburg ( born 21 June 1997 in Salzburg ) , is the eldest son of Karl von Habsburg , head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine . Habsburg is a racing driver currently competing in the FIA European Formula 3 Championship .
Canelo Álvarez vs. Alfonso Gómez was a Light Middleweight fight for the WBC World title . The fight took place in Staples Center , Los Angeles , California , United States on 17 September 2011 on the Floyd Mayweather Jr.-Victor Ortiz pay-per-view broadcast . The Mayweather-Ortiz fight took place at another location at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , Nevada taking place on the Mexican Independence weekend . Fans at Staples Center will be able to see the live feed from Las Vegas and also see Canelo Alvarez fight live that night , and the people in Las Vegas can see the live feed from the Canelo fight in the Staples Center . The MGM Grand Garden Arena ( originally known as the MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center ) is a multi-purpose arena located within the MGM Grand Las Vegas on the Las Vegas Strip .
Bridge to Terabithia is a work of children 's literature about two lonely children who create a magical forest kingdom . It was written by Katherine Paterson and was published in 1977 by Thomas Crowell . In 1978 , it won the Newbery Medal . Paterson drew inspiration for the novel from a real event that occurred in August 1974 when a friend of her son was struck by lightning . Bridge to Terabithia was the name of a telefilm for PBS in 1985 , starring Annette O'Toole , Julian Coutts , and Julie Beaulieu . It was shot in Edmonton , Alberta . The film is based on the children 's novel of the same name by Katherine Paterson .
Lady Charlotte Elliot ( 22 July 1839 – 15 January 1880 ) , born Charlotte Carnegie , was a Victorian poet born on 22 July 1839 in the parish of Farnell , Angus ( possibly at Kinnaird Castle ) , Scotland . Kinnaird Castle is a 15th-century castle in Angus , Scotland . The castle has been home to the Carnegie family , the Earl of Southesk , for more than 600 years .
The 2011 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match played on 28 May 2011 at Wembley Stadium in London that decided the winner of the 2010–11 season of the UEFA Champions League . The winners received the European Champion Clubs ' Cup ( the European Cup ) . The 2011 final was the culmination of the 56th season of the tournament , and the 19th in the Champions League era . The knockout phase of the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League began on 15 February and concluded on 28 May 2011 with the final at Wembley Stadium in London , England . The knockout phase involved the 16 teams who finished in the top two in each of their groups in the group stage .
Leonid Genrikhovich Khachiyan ( Armenian : Լեոնիդ Գենրիխովիչ Խաչիյան ; Russian : Леонид Генрихович Хачиян ; May 3 , 1952 – April 29 , 2005 ) was a Soviet mathematician of Armenian descent who taught Computer Science at Rutgers University . He was most famous for his ellipsoid algorithm ( 1979 ) for linear programming , which was the first such algorithm known to have a polynomial running time . Even though this algorithm was shown to be impractical due to the high degree of the polynomial in its running time , it has inspired other randomized algorithms for convex programming and is considered a significant theoretical breakthrough . Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky ( Russian : Никола́й Ива́нович Лобаче́вский ; ] ; 1 December [ O.S . 20 November ] 1792 – 24 February [ O.S . 12 February ] 1856 ) was a Russian mathematician and geometer , known primarily for his work on hyperbolic geometry , otherwise known as Lobachevskian geometry .
H Pistorius & Co is a private South African company based in Pretoria , which according to its website is the oldest supplier of agricultural lime in Africa . The company is also the backbone for the personal wealth of the Pistorius family ( one member being Oscar Pistorius ) . Oscar Leonard Carl Pistorius OIB ( ; ] ; born 22 November 1986 ) is a South African sprint runner and convicted murderer . Both of Pistorius ' legs were amputated below the knee when he was 11 months old . He was the tenth athlete to compete at both the Paralympic Games and Olympic Games , competing in sprint events for below-knee amputees in Paralympic events , and in non-disabled sprint events .
Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor , 7th Duke of Westminster ( born 29 January 1991 ) , styled as Earl Grosvenor until August 2016 , is a British aristocrat , billionaire , businessman and landowner . He is the third child and only son of Gerald Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster and his wife Natalia Phillips Grosvenor , Duchess of Westminster . He inherited the title of Duke of Westminster on 9 August 2016 , on the death of his father . The duke is estimated to be worth US $ 13 billion , making him the world 's richest person aged under 30 . Major General Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster , ( 22 December 1951 – 9 August 2016 ) was a British landowner , businessman , philanthropist , Territorial Army general and hereditary peer . He was the son of Robert George Grosvenor , 5th Duke of Westminster and Viola Grosvenor . He was Chairman of the property company Grosvenor Group . He is succeeded by his son , Hugh Grosvenor , 7th Duke of Westminster .
Leslie Stephenson Hiscott ( 25 July 18943 May 1968 ) was an English film director and screenwriter who made over sixty films between 1925 and 1956 . He was born in London in 1894 . In 1931 he directed "Alibi" , the first ever depiction of Hercule Poirot , Agatha Christie 's famous detective , with Austin Trevor in the lead role . He directed a follow-up , "Black Coffee" , also starring Trevor , the same year . James Duncan Rolfe ( born July 10 , 1980 ) is an American actor , filmmaker , film critic , video game critic , and internet personality best known for starring in the web television series "Angry Video Game Nerd" , a joint production of Rolfe 's Cinemassacre Productions , GameTrailers , and ScrewAttack on the video platform YouTube . His other projects include reviews of classic board games and "Movie Reviews" for the Spike network .
Aleksandras Stulginskis ] ( February 26 , 1885 in Kutaliai , in Šilalė district municipality near Tauragė , Kovno Governorate , Russian Empire – September 22 , 1969 in Kaunas ) was the second President of Lithuania ( 1920–1926 ) . Stulginskis was also acting President of Lithuania for a few hours later in 1926 , following a military coup that was led by his predecessor as President ( Antanas Smetona ) and which had brought down Stulginskis 's successor , Kazys Grinius . The coup returned Smetona to office after Stulginskis 's brief formal assumption of the Presidency . Kazys Grinius ( ] , 17 December 18664 June 1950 ) was the third President of Lithuania , and held that office from 7 June 1926 to 17 December 1926 .
Time Bombs is a 2008 Canadian film produced by "Productions de la ruelle" . Still Kicking : Six Artistic Women of Project Arts & Longevity is a 2006 32-minute documentary film by Pacific Grove filmmaker Greg Young , featuring six Bay Area women role models over 85 years old who remained artistically active . The catalyst for Young 's film was Amy Gorman and Frances Kandl 's Project Arts & Longevity through which they were exploring the link between longevity and artistic vitality . Along with the film the joint project resulted in a book entitled Aging Artfully .
Ghanzi is a town in the middle of the Kalahari Desert the western part of the Republic of Botswana in southern Africa . At the time of the 2011 census , there were 12,167 people living in the town with another 861 nearby . It is the administrative center of Ghanzi District and is known as the "Capital of the Kalahari" . Ghanzi District measures 117910 km2 and is bordered by Ngamiland to the north , Central District to the east , and Kgalagadi and Kweneg Districts to the south . Its western border is shared with Namibia . The Kalahari Desert is a large semi-arid sandy savanna in Southern Africa extending for 900000 km2 , covering much of Botswana , parts of Namibia and regions of South Africa .
Sir Charles Edward Kingsford Smith MC , AFC ( 9 February 1897 – 8 November 1935 ) , often called by his nickname "Smithy" , was an early Australian aviator . In 1928 , he earned global fame when he made the first trans-Pacific flight from the United States to Australia . He also made the first non-stop crossing of the Australian mainland , the first flights between Australia and New Zealand , and the first eastward Pacific crossing from Australia to the United States . He also made a flight from Australia to London , setting a new record of 10.5 days . Australian National Airways was a short-lived Australian airline , founded in 1929 by Charles Kingsford Smith and Charles Ulm .
Return to Never Land ( also known as Peter Pan 2 or Peter Pan In : Return to Never Land ) is a 2002 American animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Television Animation , and released by Walt Disney Pictures and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . The film is a sequel to Walt Disney Feature Animation 1953 film "Peter Pan" , It is based on J. M. Barrie 's novel "Peter and Wendy" , and had a worldwide gross of $ 109 million . McFarland , USA ( also known as McFarland ) is a 2015 American sports drama film directed by Niki Caro , produced by Mark Ciardi and Gordon Gray , written by Christopher Cleveland , Bettina Gilois and Grant Thompson with music composed by Antônio Pinto . The film was co-produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Mayhem Pictures . Based on the true story of a 1987 cross country team from a mainly Latino high school in McFarland , California , the film stars Kevin Costner as Jim White , the school 's coach , who leads the team to win a state championship . The film also stars Maria Bello and Morgan Saylor .
Arne Christer Fuglesang ( ] ) ( born March 18 , 1957 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish physicist and an ESA astronaut . He was first launched aboard the STS-116 Space Shuttle mission on December 10 , 2006 , at 01:47 GMT , making him the first Swedish citizen in space . Sigmund Werner Paul Jähn ( born 13 February 1937 ) is a German cosmonaut and pilot , who in 1978 became the first East German ( and German native ) to fly in space as part of the Soviet Union 's Interkosmos programme .
F.C . Kossou Bibó , or commonly known as F.C . Bibó is an Ivorian semi-professional football team based in Kossou , Yamoussoukro , Ivory Coast . A few big names have come through the academy including Feyenoord 's Sekou Cissé , WS Woluwe 's Bassilia Sakanoko , UTA Arad 's Leoh Digbeu ( on loan from CFR Cluj ) and Newcastle United 's Cheick Tioté . Cheick Ismaël Tioté ( ] ; 21 June 1986 – 5 June 2017 ) was an Ivorian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
The Four III ( Chinese : 四大名捕3 ) is a Chinese-Hong Kong 3D wuxia film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun . It is the final installment of the trilogy based on Woon Swee Oan 's novel series , after "The Four" ( 2012 ) and "The Four II" ( 2013 ) . The Four is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong "wuxia" film directed by Gordon Chan and Janet Chun . It is the first film adaptation of Woon Swee Oan 's novel series "Si Da Ming Bu" ( 四大名捕 ; "The Four Great Constables" ) , which has previously been adapted to a television series . In all adaptations and interpretations , the nicknames of the Four remained the same — Emotionless , Iron Hands , Life Snatcher and Cold Blood . They dedicated their special skills to the service of their chief , Master Zhuge , in solving crimes and apprehending powerful criminals .
The Shire of Flinders was a local government area , encompassing the extremity of the Mornington Peninsula , about 65 km south of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia . The shire covered an area of 324 km2 , and existed from 1874 until 1994 . The Mornington Peninsula is a peninsula located south-east of Melbourne , Australia . It is surrounded by Port Phillip to the west , Western Port to the east and Bass Strait to the south , and is connected to the mainland in the north . Geographically , the peninsula begins its protrusion from the mainland in the area between Pearcedale and Frankston . The area was originally home to the "Mayone-bulluk" and "Boonwurrung-Balluk" clans and formed part of the Boonwurrung nation 's territory prior to European settlement .
The City of Salisbury is a local government area ( LGA ) located on the northern fringes of Adelaide , South Australia . It has an estimated population of 138,535 people and encompasses an area of 158 km² . The council 's main offices are situated in the Salisbury central business district . Geographically , the region is located on the outskirts of Adelaide . In recent years the council has become a leader in water management and the use of recycled water . Para Hills West is a suburb of Adelaide , South Australia , and is within the City of Salisbury . It is on the eastern side of Main North Road , opposite Parafield Airport . The other boundaries are McIntyre Road , Bridge Road and Maxwell Road .
Pondicherry Gramin Bank , also known locally as "Puduvai Bharathiar Grama Bank" ( PBGB ) is a Regional Rural Bank in the Indian Union Territory of Puducherry . It is the largest bank in Pondicherry in terms of branch network . The bank was established in the year 1980 under the "Regional Rural Bank Act , 1961" . Regional Rural Banks are local level banking organizations operating in different States of India . They have been created with a view to serve primarily the rural areas of India with basic banking and financial services . However , RRBs may have branches set up for urban operations and their area of operation may include urban areas too .
Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower ( ; October 14 , 1890 – March 28 , 1969 ) was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961 . During World War II , he was a five-star general in the United States Army and served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Forces in Europe . He was responsible for planning and supervising the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the successful invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45 from the Western Front . General Sir Kenneth Arthur Noel Anderson , ( 25 December 1891 – 29 April 1959 ) was a senior British Army officer who saw service in both World wars . He is mainly remembered as the commander of the British First Army during Operation Torch , the Allied invasion of North Africa . He had an outwardly reserved character and did not court popularity either with his superiors or with the public . His American superior , General Dwight D. Eisenhower , wrote that he was "blunt , at times to the point of rudeness" . In consequence he is less well known than many of his contemporaries . Richard Mead wrote that "He handled a difficult campaign more competently than his critics suggest , but competence without flair was not good enough for a top commander in 1944" .
Wheat salad ( Arabic : سلطة قمح‎ ‎ ) , is a salad of Arab salads , it typically of wheat , corn , tomatoes , carrots , cucumber pickles , lemon , parsley , olive oil and salt . The tomato ( see pronunciation ) is the edible , often red , fruit of the plant "Solanum lycopersicum" , commonly known as a tomato plant . The plant belongs to the nightshade family , which is called "Solanaceae" .
Flamingo Las Vegas ( formerly The Fabulous Flamingo and Flamingo Hilton Las Vegas ) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . It is owned and operated by Caesars Entertainment Corporation . Toni Braxton : Revealed was the first and only residency show by American singer Toni Braxton . It was performed at The Showroom at the Flamingo Las Vegas until the announcement of its cancellation on April 6 , 2008 .
Raymond Albert "Ray" Kroc ( October 5 , 1902 – January 14 , 1984 ) was an American businessman . He joined the Californian chain McDonald 's in 1954 and built it into a nationwide and eventually global franchise , making it the most successful fast food corporation in the world . Controversially , Kroc would present himself as the founder of McDonald 's during his later life . Kroc was included in "" , and amassed a fortune during his lifetime . He owned the San Diego Padres baseball team from 1974 until his death in 1984 . June Martino ( August 10 , 1917 – January 29 , 2005 ) was an American businesswoman who became Ray Kroc ’ s bookkeeper in 1948 and ultimately rose to Corporate Secretary , Treasurer , Director , and part-owner of McDonald ’ s Corporation .
The hologenome theory of evolution , also known as the hologenome concept of evolution , recasts the individual animal or plant ( and other multicellular organisms ) as a community or a "holobiont" – the host plus all of its symbiotic microbes . Consequently , the collective genomes of the holobiont form a "hologenome" . Holobionts and hologenomes are structural entities that replace misnomers in the context of host-microbiota symbioses such as superorganism ( i.e. , an integrated social unit composed of conspecifics ) , organ , and metagenome . Variation in the hologenome may encode phenotypic plasticity of the holobiont and can be subject to evolutionary changes caused by selection and drift , if portions of the hologenome are transmitted between generations with reasonable fidelity . One of the important outcomes of recasting the individual as a holobiont subject to evolutionary forces is that genetic variation in the hologenome can be brought about by changes in the host genome and also by changes in the microbiome , including new acquisitions of microbes , horizontal gene transfers , and changes in microbial abundance within hosts . Although there is a rich literature on binary host–microbe symbioses , the hologenome concept distinguishes itself by including the vast symbiotic complexity inherent in many multicellular hosts . For recent literature on holobionts and hologenomes published in an open access platform , see the following reference . Eugene Rosenberg ( Hebrew : יוג'ין רוזנברג‎ ‎ ) ( October 16 , 1935 ) is a microbiologist at the Faculty of Life Sciences at Tel Aviv University . , an expert in the field of applied environmental microbiology , in particular his work on Myxobacteria , microorganisms to combat pollution ( bioremediation ) , and the Hologenome theory of evolution .
The Lodge is an audio mastering facility located in Manhattan , New York City . It was founded by Emily Lazar in 1997 . Over the years The Lodge has mastered recordings for many well known musicians , including David Bowie , The Subways , Foo Fighters , Lou Reed , Paul McCartney , Sinéad O'Connor , Natalie Merchant , Marianne Faithfull , and Madonna . The engineers have also mastered sound tracks for movies such as American Psycho and Thievery Corporation . David Robert Jones ( 8 January 1947 – 10 January 2016 ) , known professionally as David Bowie ( ) , was an English singer , songwriter and actor . He was a leading figure in popular music for over five decades , acclaimed by critics and other musicians for his innovative work . His career was marked by reinvention and visual presentation , his music and stagecraft significantly influencing popular music . During his lifetime , his record sales , estimated at 140 million albums worldwide , made him one of the world 's best-selling music artists . In the UK , he was awarded nine platinum album certifications , eleven gold and eight silver , releasing eleven number-one albums . In the US , he received five platinum and nine gold certifications . He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996 .
Alfred Josef Ferdinand Jodl ( ; 10 May 1890 – 16 October 1946 ) was a German general and war criminal during World War II , who served as the Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command ( Oberkommando der Wehrmacht ) . Ferdinand Alfred Friedrich Jodl ( 28 November 1896 – 9 June 1956 ) was a German general during World War II who commanded the Mountain Corps Norway during the Petsamo–Kirkenes Offensive . He was the brother of Alfred Jodl , Chief of the Operations Staff of the OKW . Ferdinand Jodl was acquitted by a German court .
TOSLINK ( from "Toshiba Link" ) is a standardized optical fiber connector system . Also known generically as an "optical audio cable" or just "optical cable" , its most common use is in consumer audio equipment ( via a "digital optical" socket ) , where it carries a digital audio stream from components such as CD and DVD players , DAT recorders , computers , and modern video game consoles , to an AV receiver that can decode two channels of uncompressed lossless PCM audio or compressed 5.1/7.1 surround sound such as Dolby Digital Plus or DTS-HD High Resolution Audio . Unlike HDMI , TOSLINK does not have the bandwidth to carry the lossless versions of Dolby TrueHD , DTS-HD Master Audio , or more than two channels of PCM audio . S/PDIF ( Sony/Philips Digital Interface Format ) is a type of digital audio interconnect used in consumer audio equipment to output audio over reasonably short distances . The signal is transmitted over either a coaxial cable with RCA connectors or a fibre optic cable with TOSLINK connectors . S/PDIF interconnects components in home theatres and other digital high-fidelity systems .
Garden City is an incorporated village in the town of Hempstead , in central Nassau County , New York , in the United States . It was founded by multi-millionaire Alexander Turney Stewart in 1869 , and is on Long Island , to the east of New York City , 18.5 miles ( 29.8 km ) from midtown Manhattan . The village is located mostly in the Town of Hempstead with a small portion in the Town of North Hempstead . Peter 'Drago ' Sell , ( born August 5 , 1982 ) is an American mixed martial artist specializing in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu . He is a black belt under teacher and fellow mixed martial artist Matt Serra in East Meadow , New York , and has trained extensively under striking coach Ray Bronx Longo in Garden City , New York . A member of the Serra-Longo Fight Team , Sell formerly fought at both Middleweight & Welterweight in the UFC .
The Halliburton Company , an American multinational corporation . One of the world 's largest oil field service companies , it has operations in more than 70 countries . It owns hundreds of subsidiaries , affiliates , branches , brands , and divisions worldwide and employs approximately 50,000 people . Scott Parkin ( born 1969 , Garland , Texas is an anti-war , environmental and global justice organizer , former community college history instructor , and a founding member of the Houston Global Awareness Collective . He has been a vocal critic of the American invasion of Iraq , and of corporations such as Exxonmobil and Halliburton . Since 2006 , he has worked as an campaigner for the Rainforest Action Network , organizing campaigns against Bank of America , Citibank , TXU and the Keystone XL Pipeline . He also organizes with Rising Tide North America .
The Bolshoi Theatre ( Russian : Большо́й теа́тр , "Bol'shoy Teatr , Big Theatre" ; ] ) is a historic theatre in Moscow , Russia , designed by architect Joseph Bové , which holds ballet and opera performances . Before the October Revolution it was a part of the Imperial Theatres of the Russian Empire along with Maly Theatre ( "Small Theatre" ) in Moscow and a few theatres in Saint Petersburg ( Hermitage Theatre , Bolshoi ( Kamenny ) Theatre , later Mariinsky Theatre and others ) . Anna Khachaturovna Aglatova ( Russian : Анна Хачатуровна Аглатова ) is a Russian soprano singer who was born in Kislovodsk and by 2004 joined the singing department of the Gnessin State Musical College . Prior to it , she was a recipient of the "Sergei Leiferkus grant" from the Vladimir Spivakov Fund and in 2005 made her first public appearance at the Bolshoi Theatre . Her career there , have not started with ease since her father did n't want her to work for Bolshoi . In 2003 , she was a recipient of the first prize at the Bella voce International Competition and the same year participated at both the Christmas Festival at Düsseldorf and the fourteenth annual Chaliapin Season at Mineralnye Vody . She also was a participant for "Irina Arkhipova Fund" and was a part of the Novosibirsk Opera and Ballet Theatre . There , in 2006 , she sang the role of "Susanna" at the "The Marriage of Figaro" which was performed at the Moscow International Performance Arts Center and was directed by Tatjana Guerbaca while Teodor Currentzis was its conductor . In 2008 she became an All-Russian Festival winner , and next year became "Triumph prize" recipient .
Microwave Jenny is an Australian pop/folk/jazz duet that consists of Tessa Nuku on vocals and Brendon Boney on guitar and vocals . They both have Indigenous backgrounds with Brendon having been born and raised in Wagga Wagga , and Tessa having been born in Ulladulla , New South Wales before moving to and growing up in Umina Beach , New South Wales Brendon was the singing voice for the character Willie in film Bran Nue Dae . The phrase 'Microwave Jenny ' comes from the 1997 film "The Castle" . The duo are married and have a daughter . Umina Beach is a suburb within the Central Coast Council local government area on the Central Coast of New South Wales , Australia .
Benjamin Andrew "Ben" Stokes ( born 4 June 1991 ) is an English international cricketer who is the current vice captain of the English Test team . Born in Christchurch , New Zealand , Ben moved to northern England at the age of 12 , where he learnt the game and began playing club cricket for local teams . He is an all-rounder who bowls right-arm fast-medium pace and bats left-handed . James John Atkinson ( born 24 August 1990 in Hong Kong ) is an international cricketer who plays cricket for Hong Kong . He also captained the Hong Kong cricket team before stepping down in May 2015 . A wicket-keeper , he has also represented Hong Kong at Under-19s level , and was selected as part of their squad for the 2010 U-19 Cricket World Cup . where he became Facebook friends with Ben Stokes He was the first player born in the 1990s to play in a One Day International . His father Steve played Minor Counties cricket .
Nekeshia Shiondrail Henderson ( born February 28 , 1973 ) is an American former professional basketball guard who played for the Houston Comets of the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) . She played college basketball at Texas . She also played for the San Jose Lasers and Colorado Xplosion of the American Basketball League ( ABL ) . The Texas Longhorns women 's basketball team represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate women 's basketball competition . The Longhorns currently compete in the Big 12 Conference .
The Naval Chapel at Garden Island dockyard is the oldest Christian chapel of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) . It was established in 1902 after conversion from the former sail loft , and has stained glass windows and plaques from that era to the present . The building is the oldest on Garden Island , two storey , built of stuccoed brick with stone sills , arches and columns . The original loft floor of timber remains , caulked with oakum and bitumen . The Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) is the naval branch of the Australian Defence Force . Following the Federation of Australia in 1901 , the ships and resources of the separate colonial navies were integrated into a national force : the Commonwealth Naval Forces . Originally intended for local defence , the navy was granted the title of 'Royal Australian Navy ' in 1911 , and became increasingly responsible for defence of the region .
James Metcalfe Campbell Bower ( born 22 November 1988 ) is an English actor , singer , and model . He is best known for his roles as Anthony Hope in "" , Caius in "The Twilight Saga" , King Arthur in the Starz series "Camelot" , the young Gellert Grindelwald in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" , and Jace Wayland in "" . As of 2017 , he portrays Elizabethan playwright Kit Marlowe in the TNT series "Will" . Will is an American drama television series about the ( fictional ) life of William Shakespeare in his early 20s . The series was ordered for a first season containing 10 episodes , on May 18 , 2016 , and premiered on TNT on July 10 , 2017 . It was originally ordered to series at Pivot in 2013 , but was never broadcast . The series premiered at 9:00pm EST , but after four weeks , was moved to 11:00pm . On September 5 , 2017 , "Will" was canceled after one season by TNT .
Sean Connor ( born 12 July 1967 ) is a former footballer and manager . He had a brief playing career which included spells at Distillery , Port Vale , Macclesfield Town , Ards , and Cliftonville . Lisburn Distillery Football Club is a Northern Irish , intermediate football club who are based in Ballyskeagh , County Down and play in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League . The club , founded in 1880 , originated in west Belfast , where it was based at Grosvenor Park at Distillery Street off the Grosvenor Road until 1971 . After sharing Skegoneill Avenue ( Brantwood ) and Seaview ( Crusaders ) for some years the club moved in 1980 to a permanent new home at New Grosvenor Stadium , Ballyskeagh , County Antrim , on the southern outskirts of Belfast . The club was known as Distillery until 1999 , when it changed its name to 'Lisburn Distillery ' in an attempt to associate itself more closely with its adopted borough ( now city ) of Lisburn . The club colour is white . The club , a founder member of the Irish League in 1890 , was relegated in May 2013 .
The Texas A & M Aggies football program represents Texas A & M University in the sport of American football . The Aggies compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . Texas A & M football claims three national titles and eighteen conference titles . The team plays all home games at the newly redeveloped Kyle Field , a 102,733-person capacity outdoor stadium on the university campus . Kevin Sumlin is currently the team 's head coach . Kevin Warren Sumlin ( born August 3 , 1964 ) is an American football coach and former player who is the head coach at Texas A & M University . Previously , Sumlin was the head football coach at the University of Houston from 2007 to 2011 .
Laura Esquivel ( born September 30 , 1950 ) is a Mexican novelist , screenwriter and a politician who serves in the Chamber of Deputies ( 2012-2018 ) for the Morena Party . Her first novel "Como agua para chocolate" ( "Like Water for Chocolate" ) became a bestseller in Mexico and the United States , and was later developed into an award-winning film . Howard Melvin Fast ( November 11 , 1914 – March 12 , 2003 ) was an American novelist and television writer . Fast also wrote under the pen names E. V. Cunningham and Walter Ericson .
George Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base located within the city limits , 8 miles northwest , of central Victorville , California , about 75 miles northeast of Los Angeles , California . The third driverless car competition of the DARPA Grand Challenge , was commonly known as the DARPA Urban Challenge . It took place on November 3 , 2007 at the site of the now-closed George Air Force Base ( currently used as Southern California Logistics Airport ) , in Victorville , California ( Google map ) , in the West of the United States . Discovery 's Science channel followed a few of the teams and covered the Urban Challenge in its Robocars series .
Freakonomics : The Movie is a 2010 American documentary film based on the 2005 book "Freakonomics : A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything" by economist Steven D. Levitt and writer Stephen J. Dubner . The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010 with a theatrical release later in the year . The film received a lukewarm reception and a 65 % fresh rating at Rottentomatoes . In The Realm of the Hackers is a 2003 Australian documentary directed by Kevin Anderson about the prominent hacker community , centered in Melbourne , Australia in the late 1980s until early 1990 . The storyline is centered on the Australian teenagers going by the hacker names "Electron" and "Phoenix" , who were members of an elite computer hacking group called 'The Realm ' and hacked into some of the most secure computer networks in the world , including those of the US Naval Research Laboratory , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , a government lab charged with the security of the US nuclear stockpile , and NASA . The film runs for 55 minutes and was inspired by the book "Underground" , by Melbourne-based writer and academic Suelette Dreyfus .
Palms Casino Resort is a hotel and casino located near the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . It has 703 rooms and suites and contains 94840 sqft casino , recording studio , Michelin-starred restaurant and 2,500-seat concert theater . The Playboy Club was a nightclub formerly located on the 52nd floor of the "Fantasy Tower" at the Palms Casino Resort in Paradise , Nevada , which is located in the Las Vegas Valley . The club was a Playboy-themed casino and the first official Playboy Club in the United States since 1988 . The club opened in October 2006 and closed in June 2012 .
Forbidden Archeology : The Hidden History of the Human Race is a 1993 book by Michael A. Cremo and Richard L. Thompson , written in association with the Bhaktivedanta Institute of ISKCON . Cremo states that the book has "over 900 pages of well-documented evidence suggesting that modern man did not evolve from ape man , but instead has co-existed with apes for millions of years !" , and that the scientific establishment has suppressed the fossil evidence of extreme human antiquity . Cremo identifies as a "Vedic archeologist" , since he believes his findings support the story of humanity described in the Vedas . Cremo 's work has garnered interest from Hindu creationists , paranormalists , and theosophists . He says a knowledge filter ( confirmation bias ) is the cause of this suppression . Michael A. Cremo ( born July 15 , 1948 ) , also known by his devotional name Drutakarmā dāsa , is an American freelance researcher who identifies himself as a Vedic creationist and an "alternative archeologist" and argues that humans have lived on Earth for millions of years . In case of artifacts allegedly found in the Eocene auriferous gravels of Table Mountain , California and discussed in his book , "Forbidden Archeology" , Cremo argues for the existence of modern man on Earth as long as 30 to 40 million years ago . "Forbidden Archeology" , which he wrote with Richard L. Thompson , has attracted attention from mainstream scholars who have criticized the views given on archeology and describe it as pseudoscientific .
Two Sisters from Boston is a 1946 musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster . Starring Kathryn Grayson , June Allyson , Lauritz Melchior , Jimmy Durante and Peter Lawford . Peter Sydney Ernest Lawford ( born Peter Sydney Ernest Aylen ; 7 September 1923 – 24 December 1984 ) was a British actor , producer , and socialite , who lived in the United States throughout his adult life .
Den was born in Asakusa district of Tokyo in 1931 . Den 's birth name was . His hometown was subjected to American airbomb raids in 1945 , though he and his family were able to move south to his mother 's home in Kagoshima before they were attacked . At the conclusion of World War II , Den returned to Tokyo and began high school , which he completed in 1952 . While in high school , Den organized a strike that resulted in the removal of the school principal . Den suspected this organizing experience was one factor that allowed him to enroll into Waseda University that was governed by a leftist student organization . While Den studied Chinese literature there , he also had considerable involvement in several violent demonstrations in 1952 . Consequently , Den was dismissed from Waseda . The Bombing of Tokyo ( 東京大空襲 , Tōkyōdaikūshū ) often refers to a series of firebombing air raids by the United States Army Air Forces during the Pacific campaigns of World War II . On the night of 9–10 March 1945 , Operation Meetinghouse was conducted and is regarded as the single most destructive bombing raid in human history . 16 sqmi of central Tokyo was annihilated , over 1 million were made homeless with an estimated 100,000 civilian deaths . The Japanese later called this event Night of the Black Snow .
The Mountbatten Institute ( formerly known as the Mountbatten Internship Programme ) is an organization based in New York and London dedicated to fostering work experience and cultural exchange by placing international graduate students abroad to earn postgraduate certificates and degrees . Named in honour of Louis Mountbatten , 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma and benefacted by his eldest daughter Patricia , 2nd Countess Mountbatten , the organization was founded in 1984 . Admiral of the Fleet Louis Francis Albert Victor Nicholas Mountbatten , 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma , ( born Prince Louis of Battenberg ; 25 June 1900 – 27 August 1979 ) was a British naval officer and statesman , an uncle of Prince Philip , Duke of Edinburgh , and second cousin once removed of Elizabeth II . During the Second World War , he was Supreme Allied Commander , South East Asia Command ( 1943–46 ) . He was the last Viceroy of India ( 1947 ) and the first Governor-General of independent India ( 1947–48 ) .
Howard B. Zieff ( 21 October 1927 – 22 February 2009 ) , ( pronounced Zeef ) was an American director , television commercial director , and advertising photographer . Rudolf Schwarzkogler ( 13 November 1940 , Vienna – 20 June 1969 , Vienna ) was an Austrian performance artist closely associated with the Viennese Actionism group that included artists Günter Brus , Otto Mühl , and Hermann Nitsch .
Asiana Airlines Inc. ( ; formerly Seoul Airlines ) is one of South Korea 's two major airlines , along with Korean Air . Asiana has its headquarters in Asiana Town building in Seoul . The airline has its domestic hub at Gimpo International Airport and its international hub at Incheon International Airport ( 70 km from central Seoul ) . Park Joo-mi ( born October 5 , 1972 ) is a South Korean actress . Park made her entertainment debut as an Asiana Airlines model , then began acting in 1991 , starring in television dramas such as "Beautiful Seoul" ( 1999 ) and "Feels Good" ( 2000 ) . After appearing in "Ladies of the Palace" , Park married businessman Lee Jang-won in 2001 and temporarily retired from acting to focus on her family ( she gave birth to her sons in 2002 and 2007 ) . During this time , Park intermittently appeared in commercials and co-hosted the variety show "Yeo Yoo Man Man" from 2003 to 2005 . After a nine-year absence , she made her screen comeback in the thriller "Man of Vendetta" ( 2010 ) and the family drama "Believe in Love" ( 2011 ) . In 2012 , Park had been playing Queen Seondeok in the period drama "The King 's Dream" for 18 episodes ( of a projected 70 ) , when a car accident on the way to the set resulted in internal injuries , and she had to drop out of the series to undergo medical treatment . Upon her recovery , Park returned to television in 2014 with "The Story of Kang-gu" .
Joseph Patrick “ Joey the Clown ” Lombardo Sr. ( born Giuseppe Lombardi ; January 1 , 1929 ) , also known as "Joe Padula ," "Lumbo ," and "Lumpy" , is an imprisoned American mafioso and a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit crime organization . He was alleged to be the Consigliere of the Outfit . James J. Marcello ( born December 13 , 1943 ) , also known variously as Little Jimmy , Jimmy Light and as Jimmy the Man Marcello , is an imprisoned crime boss who was a front boss for the Chicago Outfit criminal organization in the 1980s , 1990s and early 2000s . Organized crime observers identified Marcello as a figurehead during that period while the organization 's day-to-day operations actually were run by John “ No Nose ” DiFronzo , Joseph “ Joey the Clown ” Lombardo , Joseph “ Joe the Builder ” Andriacchi and Angelo J. LaPietra . Marcello is the Cousin of Michael Hayes Marcello , and a cousin of Robert Urbinatti . He is also the father of Rocco Marcello .
Circus Circus Las Vegas is a hotel , 123928 sqft casino , and RV park located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester , Nevada . It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International . Circus Circus features circus acts and carnival type games daily on the Midway . Las Vegas Festival Grounds ( formerly MGM Resorts Festival Grounds ) is a 33 acre open-air venue located on the Las Vegas Strip , north of the MGM-owned Circus Circus Hotel and Casino in Winchester , Nevada .
Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Ltd or Phoenix Television is a Hong Kong–based , Cayman Islands registered Mandarin and Cantonese-language television broadcaster that serves the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong along with other markets with substantial Chinese viewers . It has six different television channels , including Phoenix InfoNews Channel , Phoenix Chinese Channel , Phoenix Movies Channel , and Phoenix Hong Kong Channel . Phoenix Television provides news , information , and entertainment programmes . Phoenix Hong Kong Channel is one of the six channels that Phoenix Television operates . It was launched on 28 March 2011 in order to serve Chinese viewers in Hong Kong , and it is Phoenix Television 's first Yue Chinese-language channel that is available across Hong Kong . This channel now broadcasts through cable television and satellite television systems . Some of its programmes still broadcasting in Mandarin Chinese .
MadMaze is an online video game designed by Eric Goldberg and developed by Greg Costikyan in 1989 . It was the first online game to draw over a million players. , and was playable through the Prodigy service . The game disappeared in 1999 with the death of the Prodigy service , but with the permission from the service and the creators , fans of the game have rehosted it . Eric Goldberg is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games .
Igor Naming Agency is an American naming agency . Based in Sausalito , California , Igor is known for its "almost militant embrace" of using real and natural-sounding words in naming . Among others , the company has named Gogo Inflight , "Cutthroat Kitchen" , TruTV , the Aria Resort , and consumer products for The North Face and Target , among others . Aria Resort and Casino is a luxury resort and casino , part of the CityCenter complex on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . Aria consists of two curved glass and steel highrise towers adjoined at the center . It opened on December 16 , 2009 as a joint venture between MGM Resorts International and Infinity World Development . At 4000000 sqft and 600 ft in height , it is the largest and tallest structure at CityCenter .
"Special K" is a single by British alternative rock band Placebo , released on 19 March 2001 on CD and 12" vinyl , taken from their third album , "Black Market Music" . The title is slang for Ketamine , and the song itself is supposed to explore "the link between drugs and love ," and "" Special K" is uppers and the rush of falling in love ." Ketamine , sold under the brand name Ketalar among others , is a medication mainly used for starting and maintaining anesthesia . It induces a trance-like state while providing pain relief , sedation , and memory loss . Other uses include for chronic pain and for sedation in intensive care . Heart function , breathing , and airway reflexes generally remain functional during its effects . Effects typically begin within five minutes when given by injection with the main effects lasting up to 25 minutes .
Shikashika is a shaved ice drink made from glacier ice in Peru and Bolivia . In some rural communities , the extraction and sale of ice continues to be a primary natural resource for local economies . Ice merchants extract the blocks with an axe by hand and transport them down from the mountains atop mules . The unit of sale is usually an ice block weighing approximately 40 kilos which is sold to Shikashika vendors . Each block sells for approximately 17 USD . In turn , Shikashika is sold for approximately 15 cents in plastic bags with colorful sweet syrups at Andean festivals and on market day . The word Shikashika is onomatopeia from the Amerindian language Quechua . An alternative word for Shikashika in Spanish is "raspadilla ." Finding Kraftland is a 2006 independent documentary from Richard Kraft productions starring Stacey J. Aswad , Richard Kraft , and Nicky Kraft . It premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on June 17 , 2006 and continued to play in over 75 film festivals around the globe .
Castle Bytham is a village and civil parish of around 300 houses in South Kesteven , Lincolnshire , England . The population was measured at 768 in 317 households at the 2011 census . Bytham Castle was a castle in the village of Castle Bytham in Lincolnshire ( grid reference [ SK992186 ] . )
The Kiribati national basketball team are the basketball side that represent Kiribati in international competitions . They competed at the 2015 Pacific Games , where they finished with an 0-4 record . Basketball at the 2015 Pacific Games in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea was held at the BSP Arena and PNG Power Dome on 3–12 July 2015 .
Nationalism is a range of political , social , and economic systems characterized by promoting the interests of a particular nation , particularly with the aim of gaining and maintaining self-governance , or full sovereignty , over the group 's homeland . The political ideology therefore holds that a nation should govern itself , free from unwanted outside interference , and is linked to the concept of self-determination . Nationalism is further oriented towards developing and maintaining a national identity based on shared characteristics such as culture , language , race , religion , political goals or a belief in a common ancestry . Nationalism therefore seeks to preserve the nation 's culture . It often also involves a sense of pride in the nation 's achievements , and is closely linked to the concept of patriotism . In some cases , nationalism referred to the belief that a nation should be able to control the government and all means of production . The Patriotic Front ( Bulgarian Патриотичен фронт ) is a nationalist electoral alliance in Bulgaria around the political parties IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement ( IMRO ) and National Front for the Salvation of Bulgaria ( NFSB ) .
Gator Country was an American Southern rock band formed in Davie , Florida , in 2005 by several ex-members of the Southern rock group Molly Hatchet . The band , founded by vocalist Jimmy Farrar , guitarist Duane Roland , drummer Bruce Crump , guitarist Steve Holland , and bassist Riff West took its name from the title of the hit song , "Gator Country" . Duane Roland ( December 3 , 1952 – June 19 , 2006 ) was an American guitarist for the Southern hard rock band Molly Hatchet . He was a member of the band from its founding in the mid-1970s until his departure in 1990 . During that time he recorded seven albums with the band . He is credited with co-writing some of the band 's biggest hits , including "Bloody Reunion" and "Boogie No More" . After leaving the band he played with the Southern Rock Allstars and Gator Country , which included many of the founding members of Molly Hatchet .
George D. Maziarz ( born May 25 , 1953 ) is a Republican politician from New York State . He formerly represented the 62nd District in the New York State Senate , which includes all of Niagara County , all of Orleans County , and the towns of Sweden and Ogden in Monroe County . The Republican Party , commonly referred to as the GOP ( abbreviation for Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States , the other being its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The party is named after republicanism , the dominant value during the American Revolution . Founded by anti-slavery activists , economic modernizers , ex-Whigs , and ex-Free Soilers in 1854 , the Republicans dominated politics nationally and in the majority of northern states for most of the period between 1860 and 1932 .
Salmonby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated 5.5 mi north-east from Horncastle , 10 mi south from Louth and 8 mi north-west from Spilsby . Salmonby lies within the Lincolnshire Wolds , a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty . Tetford lies to the north-east and Somersby to the south . Somersby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated 6 mi north-west from Spilsby and 7 mi east-north-east from Horncastle . The village lies in the civil parish of Greetham with Somersby ( where the population is listed ) in the Lincolnshire Wolds , a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ; the parish covers about 600 acre .
Interstate 81 ( I-81 ) is an 855 mi highway . In the U.S. state of Virginia , I-81 runs for 324.92 mi , making the portion in Virginia longer than any other state 's portion . It is also the longest Interstate highway within the borders of Virginia . It stretches from the Tennessee state line near Bristol to the West Virginia state line near Winchester . Wytheville ( ) is a town in , and the county seat of , Wythe County , Virginia , United States . It is named after George Wythe , a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence , and mentor to Thomas Jefferson . Wytheville 's population was 8,211 at the 2010 census . Located at the intersection of Interstate Highways 77 and 81 , the town has long been a crossroads for travelers . During the American Civil War , Wytheville had a strategic importance , and was attacked in 1863 ( Toland 's Raid ) and 1865 ( Stoneman 's 1865 Raid ) . The town is also the birthplace of Edith Bolling Wilson , wife of President Woodrow Wilson .
Mahbub ul Haq ( Urdu : ‎ ; 24 February 1934 – 16 July 1998 ) was a Pakistani game theorist , economist and an international development theorist who served as the 13th Finance Minister of Pakistan from 10 April 1985 until 28 January 1988 . Abū ʿAbd Allāh Muḥammad ibn ʿAlī ibn Muḥammad ibnʿArabī al-Ḥātimī aṭ-Ṭāʾī ( Arabic : أبو عبد الله محمد بن علي بن محمد بن عربي الحاتمي الطائي‎ ‎ ) ‎ ( 26 July 1165 – 16 November 1240 ) , also known simply as Shaykh Al-Akbar , "the greatest master" , was an Arab Andalusian Sunni scholar of Islam , Sufi mystic , poet , and philosopher . He is renowned by practitioners of Sufism as "the greatest master" and also as a genuine saint .
New York State Route 9R ( NY 9R ) is a north–south state highway in northeastern Albany County , New York , in the United States . The route is a 3.22 mi eastern loop of U.S. Route 9 ( US 9 ) , connecting that route to the city of Cohoes 1.5 mi to the east . It leaves US 9 in the hamlet of Latham and rejoins its parent in the hamlet of Boght Corners , both located in the town of Colonie . Most of NY 9R is a two-lane highway that passes through residential areas ; however , the southwesternmost portion of the route is four lanes wide and serves a commercial district . The route was assigned c. 1939 and has remained largely unchanged since that time , save for a brief period during the 1970s where NY 9R was partially replaced by NY 470 . Boght Corners ( also referred to as Boght ) is a hamlet in the town of Colonie in northern Albany County , New York that straddles U.S. Route 9 ( Route 9 ) . The corners that give the hamlet its name are found at the intersection of Route 9 and Boght Road ( NY Route 9R on leg east of hamlet ) , near the Boght Community Fire District ’ s station . The community is served by the North Colonie Central School District . Boght Hills Elementary School is located within the hamlet .
Universal Pictures ( also referred to as Universal Studios or simply Universal ) is an American film studio owned by Comcast through the Universal Filmed Entertainment Group division of its wholly owned subsidiary NBCUniversal . The company was founded in 1912 by Carl Laemmle , Mark Dintenfass , Charles O. Baumann , Adam Kessel , Pat Powers , William Swanson , David Horsley , Robert H. Cochrane , and Jules Brulatour , and is the oldest surviving film studio in the United States , the world 's fourth oldest after Gaumont , Pathé and Nordisk Film , and the oldest in terms of the overall film market . Its studios are located in Universal City , California , and its corporate offices are located in New York City . Simon Bloom is a series of young adult novels by Michael Reisman . Set in the fictional town of Lawnville , New Jersey , it is about a boy who finds a book that lets him control the laws of physics . The first of the books was optioned by Universal Pictures after a bidding war over the manuscript .
Bangor ( ) is a city along the Penobscot River in the U.S. state of Maine . The city proper has a population of 33,039 , while the Bangor metropolitan area has a population of 153,746 . Bangor is known as the "Queen City" of Maine . The Darling 's Waterfront Pavilion ( originally known as the Bangor Waterfront Pavilion ) is an open-air amphitheater located within the Waterfront Park in Bangor , Maine . The venue is a temporary structure built alongside the Penobscot River . The venue typically operates from July until October .
Cell were a New York-based band often tagged with the label of Grunge given the time frame of their existence , though college rock or alternative is arguably a more apt description . The band formed in 1990 and split c.1995 . Championed by Sonic Youth 's Thurston Moore , they released a 7 inch on his Ecstatic Peace label , and later signing to Geffen . Jordan Mark Witzigreuter ( born November 14 , 1989 ) , known professionally as The Ready Set , is an American singer-songwriter from Fort Wayne , Indiana . He is the lead vocalist and sole member of the act , using a backup band while on tour . Witzigreuter created The Ready Set in the basement of his childhood home in Fort Wayne , Indiana . He has released four studio albums "Tantrum Castle" , "I 'm Alive , I 'm Dreaming ," "The Bad & The Better" , and "I Will Be Nothing Without Your Love ," four extended plays and seven singles . Fall Out Boy bassist Pete Wentz signed The Ready Set to his label Decaydance Records , in 2009 . He is currently with Hopeless Records .
James Ellison ( 1937 ) was an American white supremacist leader from San Antonio , Texas . In 1971 , he founded the radical organization The Covenant , The Sword , and the Arm of the Lord ( CSA ) . Ellison purchased a 250 acre strip of land near Elijah , Missouri to serve as his compound . He was also a close associate of both Richard Wayne Snell and Timothy McVeigh . Timothy James McVeigh ( April 23 , 1968 – June 11 , 2001 ) was an American domestic terrorist convicted and executed for the detonation of an ammonium nitrate fertilizer and nitromethane truck bomb in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City on April 19 , 1995 . Commonly referred to as the Oklahoma City bombing , the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600 . According to the United States government , it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the United States prior to the September 11 attacks , and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in United States history .
Alexander Ewan Fenton , more commonly known as Ewan Fenton ( 17 November 1929 – 3 April 2006 ) was a Scottish professional footballer . He spent thirteen seasons at Blackpool , with whom he was victorious in the famous FA Cup Final of 1953 . Blackpool Football Club is a professional association football club based in the seaside town of Blackpool , Lancashire , England . For the 2017–18 season , they are competing in League One , the third tier of English football . Founded in 1887 , Blackpool 's home ground has been Bloomfield Road since 1901 . Their main nickname is "the Seasiders" , but they are also called "the 'Pool" and "the Tangerines" , the last in reference to the colour of their home kit , which is often referred to as orange ( but really tangerine ) .
Vertical Horizon is an American alternative rock band formed at Georgetown University in Washington , D.C. in 1991 . The band is best known for their 1999 hit , "Everything You Want" . Their most recent album , "Echoes from the Underground ," was released in October 2013 . LCD Soundsystem is an American rock band from Brooklyn , New York , formed in 2002 . The band is fronted by musician James Murphy , co-founder of DFA Records . They are currently signed to both DFA and Columbia Records .
Samantha Cristoforetti ( ] ; born 26 April 1977 in Milan ) is an Italian European Space Agency astronaut , Italian Air Force pilot and engineer . She holds the record for the longest uninterrupted spaceflight of a European astronaut ( 199 days , 16 hours ) , and until June 2017 held the record for the longest single space flight by a woman until this was broken by Peggy Whitson . She is also the first Italian woman in space . Samantha Cristoforetti is also known as the first person who brewed an espresso coffee in space . Jean-Loup Jacques Marie Chrétien ( born 20 August 1938 ) is a French retired "Général de Brigade" ( brigadier general ) in the "Armée de l'Air" ( French air force ) , and a former CNES spationaut . He flew on two Franco-Soviet space missions and a NASA Space Shuttle mission . Chrétien was the first Frenchman and the first western European in space .
Oakenclough ( ) is an English hamlet located on the edge of the Forest of Bowland in Lancashire . The Forest of Bowland , also known as the Bowland Fells , is an area of barren gritstone fells , deep valleys and peat moorland , mostly in north-east Lancashire , England with a small part in North Yorkshire ( before 1974 , some of the area was in the West Riding of Yorkshire ) . It was once described as the "Switzerland of England" .
The Ontario Raiders were a member of the National Lacrosse League during the 1998 NLL season . The franchise was founded as an expansion team in Hamilton , Ontario , and played their home games at Copps Coliseum . Former Buffalo Bandits coach Les Bartley was hired to coach the new team , and he lured former Bandit Jim Veltman to join him , becoming the Raiders ' captain . The team finished a respectable 6-6 in their inaugural season , but missed the playoffs on a tie-breaker . Following the season , losses of $ 250,000 forced owner Chris Fritz to look for partners . Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment considered purchasing the team , but ultimately a group which included Bill Watters , the then Assistant General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs , Paul Beeston , former president of the Toronto Blue Jays , Tie Domi , player for the Maple Leafs , and Bobby Orr , former NHL player , bought it for $ 250,000 and promptly relocated the team to Toronto 's Maple Leaf Gardens where they rebranded it the Toronto Rock . Tahir "Tie" Domi ( born November 1 , 1969 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player of Albanian origin . Known for his role as an enforcer , he played for the Toronto Maple Leafs , New York Rangers and Winnipeg Jets over a sixteen-year NHL career . He has more penalty minutes than any other player in the history of the Maple Leafs ( see Maple Leafs records ) and third overall in penalty minutes in NHL history .
Daron Oshay "Mookie" Blaylock ( born March 20 , 1967 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He spent 13 years in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) with three different teams , namely the New Jersey Nets , Atlanta Hawks , and the Golden State Warriors . The 1995–96 NBA season was the Hawks ' 47th season in the National Basketball Association , and 28th season in Atlanta . During the offseason , the Hawks re-acquired Spud Webb from the Sacramento Kings . The Hawks played above .500 during the first month of the season , but then struggled losing 10 of their 14 games in December before posting a ten-game winning streak in January . At midseason , Webb was traded along with Andrew Lang to the Minnesota Timberwolves for Christian Laettner and Sean Rooks . The Hawks finished fourth in the Central Division with a 46–36 record . Head coach Lenny Wilkens reached a significant milestone , becoming the first NBA coach to reach 1,000 victories . Steve Smith led the Hawks in scoring averaging 18.1 points per game , and Mookie Blaylock finished third in the league with 231 three-point field goals , which was a franchise record for the team .
Castle Bytham is a village and civil parish of around 300 houses in South Kesteven , Lincolnshire , England . The population was measured at 768 in 317 households at the 2011 census . Bytham Castle was a castle in the village of Castle Bytham in Lincolnshire ( grid reference [ SK992186 ] . )
Simona de Silvestro ( born 1 September 1988 ) is a Swiss race car driver . Having driven for Amlin Andretti in the 2015/16 season of the FIA Formula E Championship , she went on to secure a contract to drive in the Australian Supercars Championship from 2017 . Her nicknames are the "Iron Maiden" and "Swiss Miss ." The 2011 Indy Grand Prix of Sonoma was the seventh running of the Indy Grand Prix of Sonoma and the fourteenth round of the 2011 IndyCar Series season . It took place on Sunday , August 28 , 2011 . The race contested over 75 laps at the 2.303 mi Infineon Raceway in Sonoma , California . Will Power led 71 of 75 laps , as Team Penske swept 1st–2nd–3rd on the podium . It was the first 1–2–3 finish in an Indycar race for Penske since Nazareth in 1994 . Power closed to within 26 points of championship leader Dario Franchitti . Power also closed within 7 points of Franchitti for the "Mario Andretti Road Course Trophy" . Simon Pagenaud substituted for Simona de Silvestro after she had complications renewing her visa , and U.S. Customs would not allow her into the country .
John Douglas "Johnny" Edwards is an American rock singer who sang for the bands Buster Brown , Montrose , King Kobra , Wild Horses , Northrup , Royal Jelly and is best known as the second lead singer of the rock band Foreigner . Ian Scott Anderson , MBE ( born 10 August 1947 ) is a Scottish-born musician , singer , songwriter and multi-instrumentalist best known for his work as the lead vocalist , flautist and acoustic guitarist of British rock band Jethro Tull . Anderson plays several other musical instruments , including keyboards , bass guitar , bouzouki , balalaika , saxophone , harmonica , and a variety of whistles . His solo work began with the 1983 album "Walk into Light" , and since then he released another five works , including the sequel to the Jethro Tull album "Thick as a Brick" ( 1972 ) in 2012 , entitled "Thick as a Brick 2" .
Winter Hill is a hill on the border of the boroughs of Chorley , Blackburn with Darwen and Bolton , in North West England . It is located on Rivington Moor , Chorley and is 1496 ft high . Part of the West Pennine Moors , it is a popular walking area , and has been the site of mining activity , aeroplane disasters and murders . Dean Mills Reservoir is a small water reservoir to the north of the town of Bolton , Greater Manchester located high on the slopes of Winter Hill .
Hershel Greene is a fictional character in "The Walking Dead" whose role is depicted in the comic book , television series as portrayed by Scott Wilson and the game series . He is the widowed owner of a farm in Georgia and has previous experience in the veterinary fields . A devout Christian , with uncompromising morals and a stubborn attitude , Hershel remains fiercely protective of his large family , despite his many losses . In both the comics and television series , he is initially introduced saving the life of Carl Grimes , the son of Rick Grimes after he is shot by one of Hershel 's neighbors , Otis , and becomes the moral center of the group . Carl Grimes is a fictional character from the comic book series "The Walking Dead" and is portrayed by Chandler Riggs in the American television series of the same name , which airs on AMC in the United States . The character was created by writer Robert Kirkman and artist Tony Moore , and debuted in "The Walking Dead" # 2 in 2003 . In both forms of media , Carl is the son of primary protagonist Rick Grimes , and his wife Lori Grimes , and is one of the longest-surviving characters and one of the few original Atlanta survivors still alive .
Kurt Gerron ( 11 May 1897 – 28 October 1944 ) was a German Jewish actor and film director . George Delbert "Dell" Henderson ( July 5 , 1877 — December 2 , 1956 ) was a Canadian-American actor , director , and writer . He began his long and prolific film career in the early days of silent film .
The House of Hanover ( or the Hanoverians ; German : "Haus Hannover" ) is a German royal dynasty that ruled the Electorate and then the Kingdom of Hanover , and that also provided monarchs of Great Britain and Ireland from 1714 and ruled the United Kingdom until the death of Queen Victoria in 1901 . Upon Victoria 's death , the British throne passed to her eldest son Edward VII , a member of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha through his father . The House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ( ; German : "" ) is a German dynasty that ruled the duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha , which was one of the Ernestine duchies . It is a cadet branch of the Saxon House of Wettin .
Michael Allan "Mike" Patton ( born January 27 , 1968 ) is an American musician , singer , songwriter , actor , record producer , multi-instrumentalist and film composer , best known as the lead singer of the alternative metal band Faith No More . Patton was also the founder and lead singer of Mr. Bungle , and has played with Tomahawk , Fantômas , Lovage , The Dillinger Escape Plan , and Peeping Tom . Kristin Hersh ( born August 7 , 1966 ) is an American singer , songwriter and author , known for her solo work and with her rock bands Throwing Muses and 50FootWave . She has released ten solo albums . Her guitar work and composition style ranges from jaggedly dissonant to traditional folk . Hersh 's lyrics have a stream-of-consciousness style , reflecting her personal experiences .
Anne of Ingleside is a children 's novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery . It was first published in July 1939 by McClelland and Stewart ( Toronto ) and the Frederick A. Stokes Company ( New York ) . It is the tenth of eleven books that feature the character of Anne Shirley , and Montgomery 's final published novel . ( Two novels that occur later in the "Anne" chronology were actually published years earlier . As well , the short story collection "The Blythes Are Quoted" , written in 1941/42 , but not published until 2009 , concludes the Anne chronology . ) Lucy Maud Montgomery { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( November 30 , 1874 – April 24 , 1942 ) published as L.M . Montgomery , was a Canadian author best known for a series of novels beginning in 1908 with "Anne of Green Gables" . The book was an immediate success . The central character , Anne Shirley , an orphaned girl , made Montgomery famous in her lifetime and gave her an international following .
Operation Mincemeat was a successful British disinformation strategy used during the Second World War . As a deception intended to cover the 1943 Allied invasion of Sicily , two members of British intelligence obtained the body of Glyndwr Michael , a homeless man who died from eating rat poison , dressed him as an officer of the Royal Marines and placed personal items on him identifying him as Captain ( Acting Major ) William Martin . Correspondence between two British generals which suggested that the Allies planned to invade Greece and Sardinia , with Sicily as merely the target of a feint , was also placed on the body . HMS "Seraph" ( pennant number P219 ) was an S-class submarine of the British Royal Navy . She carried out a number of intelligence and special operations activities during World War II , the most famous of which was Operation Mincemeat .
"Rudebox" is song by English musician Robbie Williams , from the his seventh studio album of the same name ( 2006 ) . It is based on a sample from the song "Boops ( Here to Go )" by Sly and Robbie . The single was released on 4 September 2006 , although download purchases allowed it to reach number 30 on the UK Singles Chart on 3 September . After the release of the CD single , it ascended 26 places to number 4 , selling 24,821 copies , beaten by Nelly Furtado featuring Timbaland 's "Promiscuous" , Justin Timberlake 's "SexyBack" and Scissor Sisters ' "I Do n't Feel Like Dancin '" . "SexyBack" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake for his second studio album , "FutureSex/LoveSounds" ( 2006 ) . It was released on July 18 , 2006 , to US mainstream and rhythmic radio stations by Jive Records as the lead single from the album . The song was written and produced by Nate Hills , Tim Mosley , and Timberlake himself . Discussing "SexyBack" , Timberlake revealed that he went "left" , singing the song in a rock style , not an R & B style . He described the song as musicians David Bowie and David Byrne "covering" James Brown 's 1970 song "Sex Machine" . The track features Timbaland on backing vocals , while Timberlake 's voice is distorted . The instrumentation used in the song includes a pounding bass beat , electronic chords , and drum machine sounds .
The following is the filmography for American actor James Garner . Garner was known for prominent roles in films such as "Sayonara" ( 1957 ) with Marlon Brando , "Cash McCall" ( 1960 ) with Natalie Wood , "The Great Escape" ( 1963 ) with Steve McQueen , "The Thrill of It All" ( 1963 ) with Doris Day , "Move Over , Darling" ( 1963 ) with Doris Day , "The Wheeler Dealers" ( 1963 ) with Lee Remick , Paddy Chayevsky 's "The Americanization of Emily" ( 1964 ) with Julie Andrews , "Hour of the Gun" ( 1967 ) , "Marlowe" ( 1969 ) with Bruce Lee , "Support Your Local Sheriff ! "( 1969 ) with Walter Brennan , "Murphy 's Romance" ( 1985 ) with Sally Field , "Sunset" ( 1988 ) with Bruce Willis , "Maverick" ( 1994 ) with Mel Gibson and Jodie Foster , "Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood" ( 2002 ) , and "The Notebook" ( 2004 ) with Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams . His television series credits include portraying Bret Maverick in "Maverick" ( 1957–1962 ) and "Bret Maverick" ( 1981–1982 ) , Jim Rockford in "The Rockford Files" ( 1974–1980 ) , and Jim Egan in "8 Simple Rules" ( 2003–2005 ) . The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes and based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks . The film stars Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as a young couple who fall in love in the 1940s . Their story is narrated from the present day by an elderly man ( portrayed by James Garner ) telling the tale to a fellow nursing home resident ( played by Gena Rowlands , who is Cassavetes 's mother ) .
Synergy Group Corp. is a South American conglomerate created and owned by Germán Efromovich , an entrepreneur holding multiple citizenship of Brazil , Colombia and Poland . The group is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . It operates several airlines in South America , among which are Avianca Holdings , with a 66.66 % stake , and is active in the exploration of oil and natural gas throughout the region . Additionally , it operates hydroelectric power plants , participates in the construction of telecommunications infrastructure , shipbuilding and technical inspections , radiochemistry , radiopharmaceuticals , agriculture and hospitality . Avianca El Salvador , formerly Transportes Aereos del Continente Americano , simply known as TACA Airlines , is an airline owned by the Synergy Group based in El Salvador . As TACA , it was the flag carrier of El Salvador . As Avianca El Salvador , it is one of the seven nationally branded airlines ( Avianca Ecuador , Avianca Honduras , etc . ) in the Avianca Holdings group of Latin American airlines . This Airline has been in operation for 75 years .
Ryuji Yokoe ( 横江竜司 , Yokoe Ryūji , born 18 January 1978 ) is a Japanese motorcycle racer . He currently competes in the All Japan Road Race ST600 Championship aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6 . Fastest lap record holder in Sugo race way on ST600 , he won the MFJ All Japan Road Race ST600 Championship in 2015 for the Yamaha Thailand Racing Team aboard a Yamaha YZF-R6 . Yokoe has previously competed in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP125 Championship , the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP250 Championship – where he finished as champion in 2006 – and the MFJ All Japan Road Race JSB1000 Championship . The Yamaha YZF-R6 is a Yamaha 600 class sport bike motorcycle , first introduced in 1998 , updated in 2001 , 2003 , 2006 , 2008 , 2017 , and revised in the years in between .
Ricard Rubio i Vives ( born October 21 , 1990 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Rubio became the youngest player ever to play in the Spanish ACB League on October 15 , 2005 , at age 14 . He made his EuroLeague debut on October 24 , 2006 , at age 16 , becoming the first player born in the 1990s to play in a EuroLeague game . He is the fifth-youngest player to make their debut in the EuroLeague . On June 25 , 2009 , he was drafted with the fifth pick in the first round of the 2009 NBA draft by the Timberwolves , making him the first player born in the 1990s to be drafted by the NBA . The Timberwolves had an agreement in principle with his former Spanish team , DKV Joventut , to buy out his contract , but Rubio backed out of the deal . On August 31 , 2009 , Joventut traded the rights to Rubio to FC Barcelona , and Rubio signed a six-year contract with FC Barcelona the following day . In 2011 , Rubio joined the Minnesota Timberwolves , and spent six seasons in Minnesota before being traded to the Jazz in June 2017 . The 2011–12 Minnesota Timberwolves season was the 23rd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . In their first season with head coach Rick Adelman , the team finished the lockout-shortened season with a 26–40 record , nine wins above their previous season and finished in 12th place in the Western Conference . This season saw the debut of 2009 draftee Ricky Rubio , who was a contender for the Rookie of the Year Award until he tore his ACL and his lateral collateral ligament after colliding into Kobe Bryant during a game against the Los Angeles Lakers and was out for the rest of the season . Following the season , Brad Miller retired .
"Love the Way You Lie" is a song recorded by the American rapper Eminem , featuring the Barbadian singer Rihanna , from Eminem 's seventh studio album "Recovery" ( 2010 ) . The singer and songwriter Skylar Grey wrote and recorded a demo of the song alongside the producer Alex da Kid when she felt she was in an abusive romantic relationship with the music industry . Eminem wrote the verses and chose Rihanna to sing the chorus , resulting in a collaboration influenced by their past experiences in difficult relationships . Recording sessions were held in Ferndale , Michigan , and Dublin , Ireland . Backed by guitar , piano and violin , the track is a midtempo hip hop ballad with a pop refrain , sung by Rihanna , and describes two lovers who refuse to separate despite being in a dangerous love–hate relationship . Alexander Grant ( born 27 August 1982 ) , professionally known as Alex da Kid , is a British music producer from Wood Green , London . He has gained recognition for producing several hit singles for a plethora of artists in various music genres , such as Dr. Dre ( "I Need a Doctor" ) , Nicki Minaj ( "Massive Attack" ) , B.o.B ( "Airplanes" featuring Hayley Williams ) , Eminem ( "Love the Way You Lie" featuring Rihanna ) , Diddy ( "Coming Home" with Dirty Money featuring Skylar Grey ) , Imagine Dragons ( "Radioactive" ) and Cheryl ( "Under The Sun" ) .
Zachary M. Bogosian ( Armenian : Զաքարի Մ. Պողոսյան , born July 15 , 1990 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Buffalo Sabres . Bogosian attended Cushing Academy in Massachusetts before he joined the Peterborough Petes of the Ontario Hockey League ( OHL ) in 2006 . He played two seasons in the OHL , and was nominated for the Red Tilson Trophy as the league 's most outstanding player in his second season . Bogosian was regarded as a complete , physical defenseman who could contribute on both offense and defense ; he was rated as one of the top players heading into the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , where the Atlanta Thrashers selected him third overall . He signed a contract with the team a few weeks after the draft and began the season with the Thrashers , though he missed several weeks of his rookie year due to injury . In his second season , he tied a team record for goals by a defenseman . Bogosian first played in an international tournament when he joined the American national team at the 2009 IIHF World Championship . Daron Vartan Malakian ( Armenian : Տարօն/Տարոն Վարդան Մալաքեան , born July 18 , 1975 ) is an Armenian–American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and record producer . He is best known as the guitarist , songwriter and second vocalist of the rock band System of a Down and as the lead vocalist , lead guitarist and songwriter of the band Scars on Broadway . Like the rest of the Hollywood-based band System of a Down , he is of Armenian ancestry , but he is the only member to have been born in the United States . Daron Malakian is known for his distinctive playing and is ranked 40th in Loudwire 's list of "Top 50 Hard Rock + Metal Guitarists Of All Time" and # 11 in MusicRadar 's poll , "The 20 Greatest Metal Guitarists Ever" . He is placed 30th in Guitar World 's List of The 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Guitarists of All Time .
Chloë Alexandra Adele Emily Agnew ( born 9 June 1989 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish singer and songwriter who is an original former member of the Celtic music group Celtic Woman , as well as its youngest member . She comes from Knocklyon , County Dublin where she lived with her mother Adele "Twink" King and younger sister , Naomi . She sings in English , Irish , Latin , Italian , and German . Agnew has a soprano vocal range . Adèle King ( born Adèle Condron-King , 4 April 1951 ) is an Irish entertainer better known as Twink from her time as a member of a group called Maxi , Dick and Twink which was a girl band in Ireland in the late 1960s and 1970s . She is the mother of singer Chloë Agnew from the group Celtic Woman .
Walter Leslie Duncan ( 14 February 1883 – 28 May 1947 ) was an Australian politician . Born in Armidale , New South Wales , he was educated at state schools before becoming a clerk , and was President of the Labor Council of New South Wales in 1911 . A member of the Labor Party , he joined the Nationalists in the wake of the 1916 split over conscription . Duncan enlisted in the military in 1917 , leaving in 1919 to successfully contest the Senate for the Nationalists . A strong supporter of Billy Hughes , he was excluded from the party along with Hughes in 1929 and joined the Australian Party , before being reaccepted into the United Australia Party in 1931 . He resigned from the Senate in 1931 . He was also a Director of the Adelaide Steamship Company for many years . Duncan died in 1947 . The Adelaide Steamship Company was formed by a group of South Australian businessmen in 1875 . Their aim was to control the transport of goods between Adelaide and Melbourne and profit from the need for an efficient and comfortable passenger service . For the first 100 years of its life , the main activities of the company were conventional shipping operations on the Australian coast , primary products , consumer cargoes and extensive passenger services .
Lowell Thomas George ( April 13 , 1945 – June 29 , 1979 ) was an American songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and record producer , who was the primary guitarist , vocalist , and songwriter for the rock band Little Feat . Ian Hunter Patterson ( born 3 June 1939 ) , known as Ian Hunter , is a British singer-songwriter who is best known as the lead singer of the English rock band Mott the Hoople , from its inception in 1969 to its dissolution in 1974 , and at the time of its 2009 and 2013 reunions . Hunter was a musician and songwriter before joining Mott the Hoople , and continued in this vein after he left the band . He embarked on a solo career despite ill health and disillusionment with commercial success , and often worked in collaboration with Mick Ronson , David Bowie 's sideman and arranger from the "Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars" period .
Scott Oliver Hall ( born October 20 , 1958 ) is an American semi-retired professional wrestler , best known for his work with the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , now WWE ) under the ring name Razor Ramon and with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) under his real name . A ladder match is a type of match in professional wrestling , most commonly one where an item ( usually a title belt ) is hung above the ring , and the winner is the contestant who climbs a ladder and retrieves the item . The ladder itself becomes a key feature of the match , as wrestlers will use the ladder as a weapon to strike the opponent ( s ) , as a launching pad for acrobatic attacks , and frequently these matches include impressive falls from the top of the ladder . However , there were very few matches in which the hung item must be used in a special manner in order to win the match , such as striking the opponent with the item ( see Bam Bam Bigelow Vs. Scott Hall taser match , where one must strike the opponent with the taser , regardless of who retrieved the taser first ) .
The least of the Great Powers is a label used to conceptualize Italy 's international status . Italy is part of great power concerts such as the EU trio , the NATO Quint , the G7 , the G20 and various International Contact Groups . Italy , one of the UN 's major funders , is the leading nation of the Uniting for Consensus and serves as one of the states of "chief" importance in providing shipping services , air transport and Industrial development . Alternative terms used by academics and observers to describe this concept include "intermittent Major power" or "small Great power" , asserting that Italy 's position in the international arena can be described in this way . The G20 ( or G-20 or Group of Twenty ) is an international forum for the governments and central bank governors from 20 major economies . Currently , these are Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , France , Germany , India , Indonesia , Italy , Japan , Mexico , Russia , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea , Turkey , United Kingdom , United States , and the European Union . Founded in 1999 , the G20 aims to discuss policy issues pertaining to the promotion of international financial stability . It seeks to address issues that go beyond the responsibilities of any one organization . The G20 heads of government or heads of state have periodically conferred at summits since their initial meeting in 2008 , and the group also hosts separate meetings of finance ministers and foreign ministers due to the expansion of its agenda in recent years .
Lee Grant ( born Lyova Haskell Rosenthal ; October 31 , during the mid 1920s ) is an American actress and film director . James Colin Campbell ( 11 October 1859 – 26 August 1928 ) was a Scottish-born film director , actor and screenwriter . He directed 177 films between 1911 and 1924 . He also wrote for 60 films between 1911 and 1922 . He was born in Scotland , and died in Hollywood , California .
Peter Andreas Thiel ( ; born October 11 , 1967 ) is an American entrepreneur , venture capitalist , philanthropist , political activist , and author . He was ranked No . 4 on the "Forbes" Midas List of 2014 , with a net worth of $ 2.2 billion , and No . 246 on the "Forbes" 400 in 2016 , with a net worth of $ 2.7 billion . The Unwinding : An Inner History of the New America is a 2013 non-fiction book by the American journalist George Packer . The book uses biographies of individual Americans as a means of discussing important forces in American history from 1978 to 2012 , including the subprime mortgage crisis , the decline of American manufacturing , and the influence of money on politics . "The Unwinding" includes lengthy profiles of five subjects : a Youngstown , Ohio factory worker turned community organizer , a biodiesel entrepreneur from North Carolina , a Washington lobbyist and Congressional staffer , the Silicon Valley entrepreneur Peter Thiel , and people involved in the distressed housing market in Tampa , Florida . Interspersed with these longer accounts are ten briefer biographical sketches of famous Americans such as the rapper Jay-Z , the politician Newt Gingrich , and the restaurateur and food activist Alice Waters .
TI Automotive develops , manufactures and supplies automotive fluid storage , carrying and delivery systems . The company has 23,000 employees at 120 locations in 29 countries , and supplies all of the world 's major automobile manufacturers . TI Automotive serves the automotive aftermarket through Bundy , Walbro and Marwal brands . The company 's headquarters are located in Oxford , UK , with Corporate Offices based in Auburn Hills , Michigan . In 2015 TI Automotive was acquired by Bain Capital . Bain Capital is a global alternative investment firm based in Boston , Massachusetts . It specializes in private equity , venture capital and credit products . Bain Capital invests across a range of industry sectors and geographic regions . As of June 2014 , the firm managed more than $ 75 billion of investor capital across its various investment platforms .
The Florida Senate is the upper house of the legislature of the U.S. state of Florida . Along with the House of Representatives , it composes the Florida Legislature . The Senate has 40 members , each elected from a single-member district with a population of about 470,000 . The Senate meets at the State Capitol in Tallahassee . Ken Pruitt ( born January 24 , 1957 ) was a Republican member of the Florida Senate , representing the 28th District from 2000 to 2009 . His district includes portions of Indian River , Martin , Okeechobee , Palm Beach and St. Lucie Counties . He was previously a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 1990 through 2000 .
Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw is a 1988 animated adventure film distributed by TriStar Pictures . The film is based on the Tonka toy line and Hanna-Barbera television series of the same name . It was directed by Pierre DeCelles , and stars the voices of Brennan Howard , B.J . Ward and Tony Longo , this is the only Carolco film completely animated to date . Tony Longo ( August 20 , 1958 – June 21 , 2015 ) was an American actor who appeared in television series such as "Laverne & Shirley" , "Simon & Simon" , "Alice" , "Perfect Strangers" , "High Tide" , "Sydney" , "Las Vegas" , "Six Feet Under" and "Monk" . His film credits include "Sixteen Candles" , "Mulholland Drive" , "Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw" , "The Last Boy Scout" , the 1994 version of "Angels in the Outfield" , "Eraser" , "Suburban Commando" and "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas" .
The Oera Linda Book is a manuscript written in a form of Old Frisian , purporting to cover historical , mythological , and religious themes of remote antiquity , from 2194 BCE to 803 CE . Among academics in Germanic philology , the document is widely considered to be a hoax or forgery . Old Frisian is a West Germanic language spoken between the 8th and 16th centuries in the area between the Rhine and Weser on the European North Sea coast . The Frisian settlers on the coast of South Jutland ( today 's Northern Friesland ) also spoke Old Frisian but no medieval texts of this area are known . The language of the earlier inhabitants of the region between the Zuiderzee and Ems River ( the Frisians mentioned by Tacitus ) is attested in only a few personal names and place-names . Old Frisian evolved into Middle Frisian , spoken from the 16th to the 19th century .
Ryan McLaren ( born 9 February 1983 , Kimberley , Cape Province , South Africa ) is a South African cricketer , who plays for all formats in international level . He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler . Adrian Peter McLaren ( born 21 April 1980 in Kimberley , Northern Cape ) is a South African first class cricketer who plays for Griqualand West . A right-handed batsman , McLaren was the second highest runs scorer in the SAA Provincial Challenge for 2006-07 with 807 runs at 62.07 , including 4 hundreds . His cousin Ryan McLaren also plays domestic cricket in South Africa .
The Man from Snowy River II is a 1988 Australian drama film , the sequel to the 1982 film "The Man from Snowy River" . Dangal ( English : "Wrestling competition" ) is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language biographical sports drama film loosely based on the story of Mahavir Singh Phogat , an amateur wrestler , who trains his daughters Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari to be world-class wrestlers . It was directed by Nitesh Tiwari . Produced by Walt Disney Pictures , Aamir Khan Productions and UTV Motion Pictures , it stars Aamir Khan as the father . Both daughters go on to win medals at the 2010 Commonwealth Games . Babita won a silver medal at the Games , in the 51 kg class and gold at the 2014 Glasgow Games in the 55 kg class . In 2012 , Geeta became the first Indian female wrestler to qualify for the Olympics . Mahavir 's efforts inspired dozens of Indian women to take to wrestling . Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra play the older selves of the sisters while Sakshi Tanwar plays their mother and Aparshakti Khurana , their cousin .
Divine Trash is a 1998 documentary film directed by Steve Yeager about the life and work of John Waters . Zoo is a 2007 American documentary film based on the life and death of Kenneth Pinyan , an American man who died of peritonitis due to perforation of the colon after engaging in an unusual tryst involving receptive anal sex with a horse . The film 's public debut was at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2007 , where it was one of 16 winners out of 856 candidates . Following Sundance , it was selected as one of the top five American films to be presented at the Directors ' Fortnight sidebar at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival .
Joey Wong Cho-Yee ( AKA Joey Wang , Wang Tsu Hsien , or Joey Ong Jyo Han/Hen ) ( , born January 31 , 1967 ) is a Hong Kong based Taiwanese-born actress . Where 's Officer Tuba ? is a 1986 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Philip Chan and Ricky Lau and starring Sammo Hung , David Chiang , Jacky Cheung and Joey Wong . The film was later remade as "Look Out , Officer ! "in 1990 which starred Stephen Chow .
Middlebury College is a private liberal arts college located in Middlebury , Vermont , United States . The college was founded in 1800 by Congregationalists making it the first operating college or university in Vermont . The college currently enrolls 2,526 undergraduates from all 50 states and 74 countries . Middlebury offers 44 majors in the arts , humanities , literature , foreign languages , social sciences , and natural sciences . Northwestern University ( NU ) is a private research university based in Evanston , Illinois , with other campuses located in Chicago and Doha , Qatar , and academic programs and facilities in Washington , D.C. , and San Francisco , California .
Essence is a monthly magazine for African American women between the ages of 18 and 49 . It is the only magazine that focuses on reaching an audience of black women , revolves around the black woman experience , and has remained for a long period of time . The magazine covers fashion , lifestyle and beauty , with an intimate girlfriend-to-girlfriend tone , and its slogan "Fierce , Fun , and Fabulous" suggests the magazine 's goal of empowering African-American women . The topics the magazine discusses range from celebrities , to fashion , to point-of-view pieces addressing current issues in the African-American community . A number of its readers engage closely and personally with the publication , and it claims to be the magazine "for and about Black women" . ALT for Damerne ( meaning "All for the Ladies" in English ) is a Danish language weekly women 's magazine published in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Before acting , Shakir was a barber . He grew up in Harlem and attended a local theater reading where he was picked up . Afterwards , he was hooked up with various acting groups . He attended The New School and graduated in 2001 . The actors that Shakir most admires are Viola Davis and Morgan Freeman . Shakir is also an avid comic book fan and has expressed interest in playing Blade or Spawn . He has instead been cast as John McIver , Bushemaster , in the second season of "Luke Cage" . Spawn is a fictional character , an antihero that appears in a monthly comic book of the same name published by Image Comics . Created by Todd McFarlane , the character first appeared in "Spawn" # 1 ( May 1992 ) . Spawn was ranked 60th on "Wizard" magazine 's list of the Top 200 Comic Book Characters of All Time , 50th on "Empire" magazine 's list of The 50 Greatest Comic Book Characters and 36th on IGN 's 2011 Top 100 Comic Book Heroes .
The Airbus A380 is a double-deck , wide-body , four-engine jet airliner manufactured by European manufacturer Airbus . It is the world 's largest passenger airliner , and the airports at which it operates have upgraded facilities to accommodate it . It was initially named Airbus A3XX and designed to challenge Boeing 's monopoly in the large-aircraft market . The A380 made its first flight on 27 April 2005 and entered commercial service on 25 October 2007 with Singapore Airlines . An improved version , the A380plus , is under development . RedBoot ( an acronym for Red Hat Embedded Debug and Bootstrap firmware ) is an open source application that uses the eCos real-time operating system Hardware Abstraction Layer to provide bootstrap firmware for embedded systems . RedBoot is used in both product development and in deployed products in the field , such as the entertainment systems on the Airbus A380s and Delta 's Boeing 767 .
Rolling Papers is a 2015 documentary film directed by Mitch Dickman and featuring Ricardo Baca . The Bomb is a 2015 American documentary film about the history of nuclear weapons , from theoretical scientific considerations at the very beginning , to their first use on August 6 , 1945 , to their global political implications in the present-day . The two-hour PBS film was written and directed by Rushmore DeNooyer , who noted the project took a year and a half to complete , since much of the film footage and images was only recently declassified by the United States Department of Defense . According to DeNooyer , “ It wouldn ’ t take very many bombs to really change life on Earth , ... The idea that there are thousands of them sitting around is pretty scary . I don ’ t think people today realize that . They don ’ t think about it . I don ’ t think they are scared . But in a way , they should be. ” Mark Dawidziak , of the "Cleveland Plain Dealer" , summarized the film as follows : "" The Bomb" moves swiftly to cover Hiroshima and Nagasaki , the Cold War , the arms race , the Red Scare , the witch hunt , the Cuban Missile Crisis , test-ban treaties , the "Star Wars" initiative , the anti-nuke movement , the collapse of the Soviet Union and the rise of new nuclear threats ." According to historian Richard Rhodes , “ The invention [ of 'The Bomb ' ] was a millennial change in human history : for the first time , we were now capable of our own destruction , as a species . ”
Out ( ISSN 1062-7928 ) is an LGBT fashion , entertainment , and lifestyle magazine , with the highest circulation of any LGBT monthly publication in the United States . It presents itself in an editorial manner similar to "Details" , "Esquire" , and "GQ" . "Out" was owned by Robert Hardman of Boston , its original investor , until 2000 , when he sold it to LPI Media , which was later acquired by PlanetOut Inc . In 2008 , PlanetOut Inc. sold LPI Media to Regent Entertainment Media , Inc. , a division of Here Media , which also owns Here TV . Soap Opera Digest is a weekly magazine covering American daytime soap operas . It features onscreen and offscreen news about the series , interviews with and articles about performers , storyline summaries and analysis , and related promotional information . Founded in 1975 , the magazine has historically included certain prime time soap operas in its coverage as well .
My First Mister is a 2001 film written by Jill Franklyn and directed by Christine Lahti . The film is the story of an alienated teen ( Leelee Sobieski ) who forms an unlikely friendship with a lonely clothing store manager ( Albert Brooks ) . The film co-stars Carol Kane , Michael McKean , John Goodman , and Desmond Harrington . John Stephen Goodman ( born June 20 , 1952 ) is an American actor . Early in his career , he was best known for playing Dan Conner on the ABC TV series "Roseanne" ( 1988–1997 ) , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1993 . He is also a regular collaborator with the Coen brothers on such films as "Raising Arizona" ( 1987 ) , "Barton Fink" ( 1991 ) , "The Big Lebowski" ( 1998 ) , "O Brother , Where Art Thou ? "( 2000 ) , and "Inside Llewyn Davis" ( 2013 ) . Goodman 's voice roles in animated films include Pacha in Disney 's "The Emperor 's New Groove" ( 2000 ) , and Sulley in Pixar 's "Monsters , Inc." ( 2001 ) , and "Monsters University" ( 2013 ) .
Rock Springs is a collection of short stories by author Richard Ford , published in 1987 and largely dealing with dysfunctional mothers and fathers and their effects on young male narrators . Richard Ford ( born February 16 , 1944 ) is an American novelist and short story writer . His best-known works are the novel "The Sportswriter" and its sequels , "Independence Day" , "The Lay of the Land" and "Let Me Be Frank With You" , and the short story collection "Rock Springs" , which contains several widely anthologized stories .
Shakespeare in the Park ( or Free Shakespeare in the Park ) is a theatrical program that stages productions of Shakespearean plays at the Delacorte Theater , an open-air theater in New York City 's Central Park . The theater and the productions are managed by the Public Theater and tickets are distributed free of charge on the day of the performance . Originally branded as the New York Shakespeare Festival ( NYSF ) under the direction of Joseph Papp , the institution was renamed in 2002 as part of a larger reorganization by the Public Theater . Joseph "Joe" Papp ( June 22 , 1921 – October 31 , 1991 ) was an American theatrical producer and director . He established The Public Theater in what had been the Astor Library Building in lower Manhattan . There , Papp created a year-round producing home to focus on new plays and musicals . Among numerous examples of these were the works of David Rabe , Ntozake Shange 's "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf" , Charles Gordone 's "No Place to Be Somebody" ( the first off-Broadway play to win the Pulitzer Prize ) , and Papp 's production of Michael Bennett 's Pulitzer Prize–winning musical , "A Chorus Line" . Papp also founded Shakespeare in the Park , helped to develop other off-Broadway theatres and worked to preserve the historic Broadway Theatre District .
Philip Carlo ( April 18 , 1949 – November 8 , 2010 ) was a journalist and best selling biographer of Thomas Pitera , Richard Kuklinski , Anthony Casso , and Richard Ramirez . Carlo suffered from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) , commonly known as "Lou Gehrig 's Disease" . He was bound to a wheelchair and respirator , but retained his ability to speak normally during his lifetime . He died of the disease on November 8 , 2010 at age 61 . Richard Leonard Kuklinski ( April 11 , 1935 – March 5 , 2006 ) was an American contract killer and serial killer who was convicted of murdering five people , though he likely killed at least several dozen more . He was associated with members of the American Mafia , namely the DeCavalcante crime family of Newark , New Jersey , and the Five Families of New York City .
Manaslu ( Nepali : मनास्लु , also known as Kutang ) is the eighth highest mountain in the world at 8163 m above sea level . It is located in the Mansiri Himal , part of the Nepalese Himalayas , in the west-central part of Nepal . Its name , which means "mountain of the spirit" , comes from the Sanskrit word "manasa" , meaning "intellect" or "soul" . Manaslu was first climbed on May 9 , 1956 by Toshio Imanishi and Gyalzen Norbu , members of a Japanese expedition . It is said that "just as the British consider Everest their mountain , Manaslu has always been a Japanese mountain" . Muztagh Ata , or Muztagata ( Uyghur : مۇز تاغ ئاتا , Музтаң Ата , literally "ice-mountain-father" ; ) , is the second highest ( 7509 metres ) of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau ( not the second highest of the mountains of the Tibetan Plateau ) . It is sometimes regarded as being part of the Kunlun Shan , although physically it is more closely connected to the Pamirs . It is also one of the relatively easier 7,000 m peaks in the world to climb , due to its gentle western slope and the comparatively drier weather of Xinjiang , though a thorough acclimatization period and a very strong physical condition are crucial for success .
Dawn of the Dead is a 2004 American horror film directed by Zack Snyder in his feature film directorial debut . A remake of George A. Romero 's 1978 film of the same name , it was written by James Gunn and stars Sarah Polley , Ving Rhames , Jake Weber , and Mekhi Phifer . R. D. Reid is a Canadian actor known for his portrayal of Sergeant Purley Stebbins in the A & E TV original series , "A Nero Wolfe Mystery" ( 2001–2002 ) , and the series pilot , "" ( 2000 ) . He appeared in Zack Snyder 's "Dawn of the Dead" , and George A. Romero 's "Diary of the Dead" . His other film appearances include "Capote" ( 2005 ) "Half Baked" ( 1998 ) , "Lars and the Real Girl" ( 2007 ) . He also starred in the indie horror film "Silent But Deadly" .
Uncle Wiggily Game is a track board game based on a character in a series of children 's books by American writer Howard Roger Garis . The game is of the "racing" variety in the style of the European "Goose Game" . Players advance along the track from Uncle Wiggily 's Bungalow to Dr. Possum 's House . There is no optimal strategy involved as play entirely rests upon a random drawing of the cards . The game was first published by Milton Bradley in 1916 and has seen several editions with minor modifications over the years . "Uncle Wiggily" remains one of the first and favorite games of childhood , and , with "Candy Land" , is considered a classic juvenile American board game . Diplomacy is a strategic board game created by Allan B. Calhamer in 1954 and released commercially in 1959 . Its main distinctions from most board wargames are its negotiation phases ( players spend much of their time forming and betraying alliances with other players and forming beneficial strategies ) and the absence of dice and other game elements that produce random effects . Set in Europe before the beginning of World War I , "Diplomacy" is played by two to seven players , each controlling the armed forces of a major European power ( or , with fewer players , multiple powers ) . Each player aims to move his or her few starting units and defeat those of others to win possession of a majority of strategic cities and provinces marked as "supply centers" on the map ; these supply centers allow players who control them to produce more units .
What Would Jesus Buy ? is a 2007 documentary film produced by Morgan Spurlock and directed by Rob VanAlkemade . The title is a take-off on the phrase "What would Jesus do ? ". The film debuted on the festival circuit on March 11 , 2007 , at the South By Southwest ( SXSW ) conference in Austin , Texas . It went into general U.S. release on November 16 , 2007 . The Living Desert is a 1953 American nature documentary film that shows the everyday lives of the animals of the desert of the Southwestern United States . The movie was written by James Algar , Winston Hibler , Jack Moffitt ( uncredited ) and Ted Sears . It was directed by Algar , with Hibler as the narrator and was filmed in Tucson , Arizona . The film won the 1953 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature .
Careers is a board game first manufactured by Parker Brothers in 1955 for $ 2.97 US , and was most recently produced by Winning Moves Games . It was devised by the sociologist James Cooke Brown . Victory conditions ( a secret "Success Formula" ) consist of a minimum amount of fame , happiness and money that the player must gain . Players ( from two to six ) set their own victory conditions before the game begins , the total of which must be sixty ( or one hundred , recommended when only two are playing ) . The Really Nasty Horse Racing Game is a board game combining luck and tactics . It was designed by Simon Knock in 1987 .
Little Nikita is a 1988 American cult drama film directed by Richard Benjamin and starring River Phoenix and Sidney Poitier . The film marks the first collaboration between Phoenix and Poitier ( the second being "Sneakers" in 1992 ) . River Jude Phoenix ( born River Jude Bottom ; August 23 , 1970 – October 31 , 1993 ) was an American actor , musician , and activist . He was the older brother of Rain Phoenix , Joaquin Phoenix , Liberty Phoenix , and Summer Phoenix .
"Come Together" is a song by the Beatles written primarily by John Lennon and credited to Lennon–McCartney . The song is the opening track on the album "Abbey Road" and was also released as a single coupled with "Something" . The song reached the top of the charts in the United States and peaked at No . 4 in the United Kingdom . Live Acoustic America is an acoustic live recording of classic Howard Jones songs , released in 1996 . It was recorded in Los Angeles to a sell out crowd and features Carol Steele on percussion . The acoustic tour travelled the world , with Jones playing venues in Europe , the USA and Jamaica . The tour accompanied the release of the piano-based album "In the Running" and featured pared-back versions of his hits , album tracks , and The Beatles cover "Come Together" .
Sector 41 is a board game published by David Long and Michael Lachtanski of Scimitar Games . The game became available for pre-order in February 2009 and was officially released in April 2009 . Enchanted Forest is a board game designed by Alex Randolph and Michel Matschoss that requires players to remember the locations of fairytale treasures . The first edition of the game was published by Ravensburger in Germany in 1981 under the original name Sagaland .
The Nebraska Cornhuskers represent the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in women 's college basketball . Connie Yori ( born October 3 , 1963 ) is the former head coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers women 's basketball team representing the University of Nebraska in NCAA Division I competition . She formerly coached Loras College ( a Division III school ) from 1990–92 and Creighton from 1992–2002 . In 2009–10 , Yori was named the Naismith College Coach of the Year , AP College Basketball Coach of the Year and the Women 's Basketball Coaches Association Coach of the Year after guiding Nebraska to a 32–2 record and the school 's first-ever trip to the NCAA Women 's Division I Basketball Championship Sweet 16 .
Chris McKay , also known as Chris Taylor , is an American film and television director , producer , editor , animator , and visual effects artist . He is best known for directing and editing three seasons of "Robot Chicken" and two seasons of "Moral Orel" . He worked as an animation co-director on "The Lego Movie" ( 2014 ) with Phil Lord and Christopher Miller . He made his feature film directorial debut with "The Lego Batman Movie" ( 2017 )" ." He is attached to direct a live-action film about Nightwing . The Lego Batman Movie is a 2017 3D computer-animated superhero comedy film , produced by Warner Animation Group , directed by Chris McKay , and written by Seth Grahame-Smith , Chris McKenna , Erik Sommers , Jared Stern and John Whittington , and produced by Dan Lin , Roy Lee , Phil Lord and Christopher Miller . Based on the "Lego Batman" toy line , the film is an international co-production of the United States , Australia and Denmark , and the first spin-off installment of "The Lego Movie" . The story focuses on the DC Comics character Batman as he attempts to overcome his greatest fear to stop the Joker 's latest plan , with Will Arnett reprising his role as Batman for the film , along with Zach Galifianakis , Michael Cera , Rosario Dawson and Ralph Fiennes .
The Neotropical realm is one of the eight biogeographic realms constituting the Earth 's land surface . Physically , it includes the tropical terrestrial ecoregions of the Americas and the entire South American temperate zone . Moneuptychia is a genus of satyrid butterflies found in the Neotropical realm .
Ruth Leuwerik ( 23 April 1924 – 12 January 2016 ) was a German film actress , one of the most popular stars of German film during the 1950s . She appeared in 34 films between 1950 and 1977 . Leuwerik is probably best known for her portrayal of Maria von Trapp in the films "The Trapp Family" and "The Trapp Family in America" . Maria Augusta von Trapp ( née Kutschera ; 26 January 1905 – 28 March 1987 ) , also known as Baroness von Trapp , was the stepmother and matriarch of the Trapp Family Singers . She wrote "The Story of the Trapp Family Singers" which was published in 1949 . The story served as the inspiration for the 1956 West German film "The Trapp Family" , which in turn inspired the Broadway musical "The Sound of Music" ( 1959 ) and the 1965 film of the same name .
Mark Thomas Pavelich ( born February 28 , 1958 in Eveleth , Minnesota ) is a retired US professional ice hockey forward who played 355 regular season games in the NHL for the New York Rangers , Minnesota North Stars and San Jose Sharks between 1981 and 1992 and was a member of the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team that won the gold medal in what has been called the "Miracle on Ice" . The "Miracle on Ice" refers to a medal-round game during the men 's ice hockey tournament at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid , New York , played between the hosting United States , and the defending gold medalists , the Soviet Union .
Thomas Lanier "Tennessee" Williams III ( March 26 , 1911 – February 25 , 1983 ) was an American playwright . Along with Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller , he is considered among the three foremost playwrights of 20th-century American drama . John Anthony Burgess Wilson , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : 'FRSL ' , ' 4 ' : "} ( ; 25 February 1917 – 22 November 1993 ) – who published under the pen name Anthony Burgess – was an English writer and composer . From relatively modest beginnings in a Catholic family in Manchester , he eventually became one of the best known English literary figures of the latter half of the twentieth century .
FromSoftware , Inc. ( 株式会社フロム・ソフトウェア , Kabushikigaisha Furomu Sofutowea ) is a Japanese video game company founded in November 1986 . The company is known primarily outside Japan for being the developers of the "Armored Core" and "Souls" series , as well as "Bloodborne" . Forever Kingdom , known in Japan as Evergrace II ( エヴァーグレイス , Evāgureisu Tsu ) , is an action role-playing game released for the PlayStation 2 by FromSoftware . It is the prequel to "Evergrace" .
Roving Mars is an IMAX documentary film about the development , launch , and operation of the Mars Exploration Rovers , Spirit and Opportunity . The film uses few actual photographs from Mars , opting to use computer generated animation based on the photographs and data from the rovers and other Mars probes . The film has been released on Blu-ray disc by distributor Disney . The Strongest Man in the World is a 1975 Disney film starring Kurt Russell , still a student in the fictional Medfield College . It is the sequel to the 1972 film "Now You See Him , Now You Do n't" , itself a sequel to the 1969 film , "The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes" .
William Herbert Shipman ( 1854–1943 ) was a wealthy businessman on the island of Hawaii . One estate of his family was used to preserve an endangered species of Hawaiian goose . A historic house associated with his family for over a hundred years is called the W. H. Shipman House in Hilo , Hawaii . Another of his historic estates called the Ainahou Ranch , built in 1941 as a refuge from World War II , is preserved within Hawaii Volcanoes National Park . Hilo ( ) is the largest settlement and census-designated place ( CDP ) in Hawaii County , Hawaii , which encompasses the Island of Hawaiʻ i . The population was 43,263 at the 2010 census .
The Psychiatric Institute of Washington ( PIW ) is an acute ( 104 bed ) psychiatric hospital in Washington , D.C . Opened in 1967 , PIW is a short-term , private hospital . It offers behavioral healthcare to patients suffering from mental and addictive illnesses , including children , adolescents , adults and the elderly . Services offered by PIW include inpatient , partial and intensive outpatient hospitalization , and group treatment programs for substance abuse and addiction . Howard University Hospital , previously known as Freedmen 's Hospital , is a major hospital lcated in Washington , D.C. , built on the site of the previous Griffith Stadium . The hospital has served the African American community in the area for over 150 years , having been established in 1862 to cater for the medical needs of the thousands of African Americans who came to Washington during the Civil War , seeking their freedom . The first hospital of its kind to provide medical treatment for former slaves , it later became the major hospital for the area 's African-American community . Following the closure of D.C. General Hospital , As of 2016 , the hospital has the highest rate of wrongful death lawsuits of any health facility in Washington D.C. over the previous decade .
Grace Patricia Kelly ( November 12 , 1929September 14 , 1982 ) was an American actress who became Princess of Monaco after marrying Prince Rainier III , in April 1956 . Howell T. Conant , Senior ( March 13 , 1916 – March 11 , 1999 ) was an American fashion photographer noted for his portraits of the American actress and later Princess Consort of Monaco , Grace Kelly .
Robert Mackenzie is an Australian supervising sound editor . He is best known for his work on "Animal Kingdom" ( 2010 ) , "The Hunter" ( 2011 ) , "Lore" ( 2012 ) , "Felony" ( 2013 ) , "The Grandmaster" ( 2013 ) , "The Rover" ( 2014 ) , "Deadline Gallipoli" ( 2015 ) , "Partisan" ( 2015 ) , "Lion" , and critically acclaimed war-drama film "Hacksaw Ridge" , for which he received two Academy Award nominations at the 89th Academy Awards , Best Sound Editing and Best Sound Mixing . The Grandmaster is a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man . The film was directed and written by Wong Kar-wai and stars Tony Leung as Ip Man . It was released on 8 January 2013 in China . It was the opening film at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2013 . The film was selected as part of the 2013 Hong Kong International Film Festival . The Weinstein Company acquired the international distribution rights for the film . The film was selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards , making the January shortlist , but did not get the nomination . The film was nominated for Best Cinematography ( Philippe Le Sourd ) and Best Costume Design ( William Chang Suk Ping ) at the 86th Academy Awards .
Kinshasa ( ; ] ; formerly Léopoldville ( French : "Léopoldville" or Dutch ) ) is the capital and the largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . It is situated on the Congo River . Stade 24 Novembre , formerly known as Stade Reine Astrid and today Stade Cardinal Malula , is a stadium located in Kinshasa , Democratic Republic of the Congo . It opened in 1937 and serves as the home of AS Dragons .
Middlebury College is a private liberal arts college located in Middlebury , Vermont , United States . The college was founded in 1800 by Congregationalists making it the first operating college or university in Vermont . The college currently enrolls 2,526 undergraduates from all 50 states and 74 countries . Middlebury offers 44 majors in the arts , humanities , literature , foreign languages , social sciences , and natural sciences . Northwestern University ( NU ) is a private research university based in Evanston , Illinois , with other campuses located in Chicago and Doha , Qatar , and academic programs and facilities in Washington , D.C. , and San Francisco , California .
The Historic Inner East neighborhood is located in Dayton , Ohio , United States . The neighborhood boundaries include two historic districts : Saint Anne 's Hill Historic District and Huffman Historic District . The neighborhood has a population of a little over 3,000 ( as of 2010 census ) . The Huffman Historic District is a historic neighborhood in eastern Dayton , Ohio , United States . Formed at the end of the nineteenth century primarily by a wealthy businessman , it has long been home to people of many different occupations and numerous places on the social ladder . After seeing very few changes throughout the twentieth century , it was named a historic site in the 1980s .
Chien-Shiung Wu ( ; May 31 , 1912 – February 16 , 1997 ) was a Chinese-American experimental physicist who made significant contributions in the field of nuclear physics . Wu worked on the Manhattan Project , where she helped develop the process for separating uranium metal into uranium-235 and uranium-238 isotopes by gaseous diffusion . She is best known for conducting the Wu experiment , which contradicted the hypothetical law of conservation of parity . This discovery resulted in her colleagues Tsung-Dao Lee and Chen-Ning Yang winning the 1957 Nobel Prize in physics , and also earned Wu the inaugural Wolf Prize in Physics a mere two decades later in 1978 . Her expertise in experimental physics evoked comparisons to Marie Curie . Her nicknames include "the First Lady of Physics" , "the Chinese Madame Curie" , and the "Queen of Nuclear Research" . Marie Skłodowska Curie ( ; ] ; ] ; 7 November 18674 July 1934 ; born Maria Salomea Skłodowska ; ] ) was a Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity . She was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize , the first person and only woman to win twice , the only person to win a Nobel Prize in two different sciences , and was part of the Curie family legacy of five Nobel Prizes . She was also the first woman to become a professor at the University of Paris , and in 1995 became the first woman to be entombed on her own merits in the Panthéon in Paris .
Anne ( titled Anne with an E on Netflix ) is a Canadian television series based on the 1908 novel "Anne of Green Gables" by Lucy Maud Montgomery , and adapted by Emmy Award-winning writer and producer Moira Walley-Beckett . It airs on CBC in Canada , and elsewhere in the world it is available for streaming on Netflix . The first season consists of seven episodes , with Niki Caro directing the 90-minute season premiere . The series premiered on March 19 , 2017 , on CBC , the season finale airing on April 30 , 2017 . Amybeth McNulty ( born November 7 , 2001 ) is an Irish Canadian actress . In 2017 , she stars as Anne Shirley in the CBC/Netflix series "Anne" based on the 1908 novel "Anne of Green Gables" by Lucy Maud Montgomery .
Lara Jill Miller ( born April 20 , 1967 ) is an American actress and voice actress . She had a starring role as Samantha "Sam" Kanisky on the 1980s sitcom "Gim me a Break ! "and as Kathy on "The Amanda Show" . As a voice actress , she had roles in English dubs of Japanese anime such as Kari in "Digimon Adventure" and Koko in "Zatch Bell ! ". In cartoons , she voices the title characters in "Clifford 's Puppy Days" , "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee" and "Henry Hugglemonster" . She also voices Izzy in "SciGirls" , Widget in "Wow ! Wow ! Wubbzy ! ", Allie in "Curious George" and Lambie in "Doc McStuffins" . The Life and Times of Juniper Lee is an American animated television series , created by former MTV reality star Judd Winick for Cartoon Network . The show was produced by Cartoon Network Studios . It premiered on Cartoon Network on May 30 , 2005 , and ended its run on April 9 , 2007 . The show currently reruns on Pogo in India , Boing in Nigeria , South Africa and France and Boomerang in Thailand .
Thirroul is a northern seaside suburb of the city of Wollongong , Australia . Situated between Austinmer and Bulli , it is approximately 13 kilometres north of Wollongong , and 69 km south of Sydney . It lies between the Pacific Ocean and a section of the Illawarra escarpment known as Lady Fuller Park , adjacent to Bulli Pass Scenic Reserve . John Douglas ( Doug ) Gibson ( – 21 May 1984 ) lived in Thirroul , New South Wales all his life , and worked at the nearby Port Kembla steelworks . He was a notable Australian amateur ornithologist who became an internationally respected expert on the Diomedeidae or albatross family .
Alex O'Loughlin ( born 24 August 1976 ) is an Australian actor , who plays Lieutenant Commander Steve McGarrett on CBS ' remake of the TV series "Hawaii Five-0" . He had starring roles in the films "Oyster Farmer" ( 2004 ) and "The Back-up Plan" ( 2010 ) , as well as on such television series as "Moonlight" ( 2008 ) and "Three Rivers" ( 2009 ) . Moonlight is an American paranormal romance television drama created by Ron Koslow and Trevor Munson , who was also executive producer for all episodes with Joel Silver , Gerard Bocaccio , Gabrielle Stanton and Harry Werksman . The series follows private investigator Mick St. John ( Alex O'Loughlin ) , who was turned into a vampire by his bride Coraline ( Shannyn Sossamon ) on the couple 's wedding night fifty-five years earlier . In the present day , he struggles with his attraction to a mortal woman , Beth Turner ( Sophia Myles ) , his friendship with Josef Kostan ( Jason Dohring ) , and his dealings with other vampires in Los Angeles .
Paul Hindemith ( ) ( 16 November 1895 – 28 December 1963 ) was a prolific German composer , violist , violinist , teacher and conductor . Notable compositions include his song cycle "Das Marienleben" ( 1923 ) , "Der Schwanendreher" for viola and orchestra ( 1935 ) , and opera "Mathis der Maler" ( 1938 ) . Hindemith 's most popular work , both on record and in the concert hall , is likely the "Symphonic Metamorphosis of Themes by Carl Maria von Weber" , written in 1943 . Bernhard Heiden ( b. Frankfurt-am-Main , August 24 , 1910 ; d. Bloomington , IN , April 30 , 2000 ) was a German and American composer and music teacher , who studied under and was heavily influenced by Paul Hindemith . Bernhard Heiden , the son of Ernst Levi and Martha ( Heiden-Heimer ) was originally named Bernhard Levi , but he later changed his name .
Heidi Lynn Gardner ( born July 27 , 1983 ) is an American actress , voice-over artist and sketch comedian from The Groundlings . She is currently a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" and voices Cooch on the Adult Swim series "SuperMansion" . SuperMansion is an American stop-motion animated comedy television series created by Matthew Senreich and Zeb Wells . The series stars Bryan Cranston , Heidi Gardner , Tucker Gilmore , Keegan-Michael Key , Tom Root , Yvette Nicole Brown , Zeb Wells , and Jillian Bell . The series premiered on Crackle on October 8 , 2015 .
G-A-Y is a gay nightclub in London . It operated from the London Astoria music venue for 15 years until July 2008 . The Boston Globe described it as "London 's largest gay-themed club night" , "NME" reported that it "attracts 6,000 clubbers each week" , and "The Independent" described it as "the one London gig that really matters" for "today 's pop stars" . On Friday 3 October 2008 , it moved to famous gay venue Heaven . Heaven is a superclub in London , England which appeals predominantly to the gay market . It is located underneath Charing Cross railway station in Central London , just off Trafalgar Square .
Nelson is a town in Cheshire County , New Hampshire , United States . The population was 729 at the 2010 census . Nelson includes the village of Munsonville . Munsonville is an unincorporated community in the town of Nelson in Cheshire County , New Hampshire . It is located in the northwestern corner of Nelson , around the outlet of Granite Lake .
Rosario Isabel Dawson ( born May 9 , 1979 ) is an American actress , producer , singer , comic book writer , and political activist . She made her film debut in the 1995 teen drama "Kids" . Her subsequent film roles include "He Got Game" , "Men in Black II" , "25th Hour" , "Rent" , "Sin City" , "Death Proof" , "Seven Pounds" , "" , and "Top Five" . Dawson has also provided voice-over work for Disney and DC . Josie and the Pussycats is a 2001 American musical comedy film released by Universal Pictures , and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . Directed and co-written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan , the film is loosely based upon the Archie comic of the same name , as well as the Hanna-Barbera cartoon . The film is about a young all-female band which signs a record contract with a New York City record label , only to discover that the company does not have the musicians ' best interests at heart . The film stars Rachael Leigh Cook , Tara Reid , and Rosario Dawson as the Pussycats , with Alan Cumming , Parker Posey , and Gabriel Mann in supporting roles . The film received mixed reviews and was a box office bomb , earning about $ 15 million against a $ 39 million budget .
The Fatima Mansions were an art rock group formed in 1988 by Cork singer/keyboardist Cathal Coughlan , formerly of Microdisney . The original line-up consisted of Coughlan , along with Nick Allum , Jonathan Fell , Zac Woolhouse and Aindrias O'Gruama . They took their name from the Fatima Mansions corporation flats in Rialto , Dublin . Nude is an American rock band , based in La Habra , California , United States . They formed in 2004 in Hollywood , with Swedish singer and guitarist Tony Karlsson , drummer Bobby Amaro , and original bassist Kevin Brown . They are at the moment unsigned , having previously released 3 full length albums and 1 extended play record . Their most recent studio album , "Fearless Generation" , was released in February 2011 .
Hugh Milburn Stone , sometimes known as Milly Stone ( July 5 , 1904 – June 12 , 1980 ) , was an American film and television actor best known as "Doc" ( Dr. Galen Adams ) on the CBS western series "Gunsmoke" . Gunsmoke is an American radio and television Western drama series created by director Norman Macdonnell and writer John Meston . The stories take place in and around Dodge City , Kansas , during the settlement of the American West . The central character is lawman Marshal Matt Dillon , played by William Conrad on radio and James Arness on television . When aired in the UK , the television series was initially titled Gun Law , later reverting to "Gunsmoke" .
William Maldon "Bill" Woodfull OBE ( 22 August 1897 – 11 August 1965 ) was an Australian cricketer of the 1920s and 1930s . He captained both Victoria and Australia , and was best known for his dignified and moral conduct during the tumultuous bodyline series in 1932–33 that almost saw the end of Anglo-Australian cricketing ties . Trained as a schoolteacher , Woodfull was known for his benevolent attitude towards his players , and his patience and defensive technique as an opening batsman . Woodfull was not a flamboyant player , but was known for his calm , unruffled style and his reliability in difficult situations . His opening pairing with fellow Victorian Bill Ponsford for both his state and Australia remains one of the most successful in history . While not known for his tactical skills , Woodfull was widely admired by his players and observers for his sportsmanship and ability to mould a successful and loyal team through the strength of his character . Australia won the 1930 Ashes series against England , winning two of the matches and losing one , with the other two tests drawn . The Australian tourists were captained by Bill Woodfull , while the home side were led by Percy Chapman , who was dropped in favour of Bob Wyatt in the final Test .
"Ms. Knope Goes to Washington" is the season premiere of the fifth season of the American comedy television series "Parks and Recreation" , and the 69th overall episode of the series . It originally aired on NBC in the United States on September 20 , 2012 . Parks and Recreation is an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope , a perky , mid-level bureaucrat in the Parks Department of Pawnee , a fictional town in Indiana . Created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur , the series aired on NBC from April 9 , 2009 to February 24 , 2015 , for 125 episodes , over seven seasons . It was written by the same writers and uses the same filming style as "The Office" , with the same implication of a documentary crew filming everyone . The ensemble and supporting cast feature Rashida Jones as Ann Perkins , Paul Schneider as Mark Brendanawicz , Aziz Ansari as Tom Haverford , Nick Offerman as Ron Swanson , Aubrey Plaza as April Ludgate , Chris Pratt as Andy Dwyer , Adam Scott as Ben Wyatt , Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger , Jim O'Heir as Garry "Jerry" or "Larry" Gergich , Retta as Donna Meagle , and Billy Eichner as Craig Middlebrooks .
Niels Henrik David Bohr ( ] ; 7 October 1885 – 18 November 1962 ) was a Danish physicist who made foundational contributions to understanding atomic structure and quantum theory , for which he received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1922 . Bohr was also a philosopher and a promoter of scientific research . The Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics , or Nordita ( Danish : "Nordisk Institut for Teoretisk ( Atom ) fysik" ) , is an international organisation for research in theoretical physics . It was established in 1957 by Niels Bohr and the Swedish minister Torsten Gustafsson . Nordita was originally located at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen ( Denmark ) , but moved to the AlbaNova University Centre in Stockholm ( Sweden ) on 1 January 2007 . The main research areas at Nordita are astrophysics , hard and soft condensed matter physics , and high-energy physics .
Fußballklub Austria Wien ( ] ; known in English as Austria Vienna , and usually shortened to Austria in German-speaking countries ) , is an Austrian association football club from the capital city of Vienna . It has won the second most Austrian Bundesliga titles - counting 24 since the introduction of the Austrian league in the season 1911-12 . Along with its cross-city rival Rapid Wien , it is one of the only sides that have never been relegated from the Austrian top flight . With 27 victories in the Austrian Cup and six in the Austrian Supercup , Austria Wien is also the most successful club in each of those tournaments , and has won the most national titles of any Austrian football club . The club reached the UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup final in 1978 , and the semi-finals of the European Cup the season after . The club plays at the Franz Horr Stadium , known as the Generali Arena since a 2010 naming rights deal with an Italian insurance company . Raphael Holzhauser ( born 16 February 1993 in Wiener Neustadt ) is an Austrian football midfielder who plays for Austria Wien .
A skerry is a small rocky island , usually too small for human habitation . It may simply be a rocky reef . A skerry can also be called a low sea stack . The Ramna Stacks are a group of skerries in the Shetland islands . They are north of the northern tip of Mainland , and along with nearby Gruney they are a special protection area on account of their birdlife .
Javier Gullón is a Spanish screenwriter . He garnered a Canadian Screen Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 2nd Canadian Screen Awards for "Enemy" , and a Goya Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 27th Goya Awards for "Invader ( Invasor )" . Enemy is a 2013 psychological thriller film directed by Denis Villeneuve , produced by M.S . Faura and Niv Fichman and written by Javier Gullón , loosely adapted from José Saramago 's 2002 novel "The Double" . The film stars Jake Gyllenhaal , Mélanie Laurent and Sarah Gadon and revolves around two men who are physically identical . It is also internationally co-produced by production companies from Spain and Canada .
Charlie Wilson 's War is a 2007 American comedy-drama film , based on the story of U.S . Congressman Charlie Wilson and CIA operative Gust Avrakotos , whose efforts led to Operation Cyclone , a program to organize and support the Afghan mujahideen during the Soviet–Afghan War . Operation Cyclone was the code name for the United States Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) program to arm and finance the Jihadi warriors , "mujahideen" , in Afghanistan from 1979 to 1989 , prior to and during the military intervention by the USSR in support of its client , the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan . The program leaned heavily towards supporting militant Islamic groups that were favored by the regime of Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq in neighboring Pakistan , rather than other , less ideological Afghan resistance groups that had also been fighting the Marxist-oriented Democratic Republic of Afghanistan regime since before the Soviet intervention . Operation Cyclone was one of the longest and most expensive covert CIA operations ever undertaken ; funding began with $ 20– $ 30 million per year in 1980 and rose to $ 630 million per year in 1987 . Funding continued after 1989 as the mujahideen battled the forces of Mohammad Najibullah 's PDPA during the civil war in Afghanistan ( 1989–1992 ) .
Carrie Marie Underwood ( born March 10 , 1983 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and actress . She rose to fame as the winner of the fourth season of "American Idol" in 2005 . Her debut album , "Some Hearts" , was released in 2005 . Bolstered by the huge crossover success of the singles "Jesus , Take the Wheel" and "Before He Cheats" , it became the best-selling solo female debut album in country music history , the fastest-selling debut country album in Nielsen SoundScan history and the best-selling country album of the last 14 years . Underwood won three Grammy Awards for the album , including Best New Artist . "Mama 's Song" is a song recorded by American country music singer Carrie Underwood , co-written by her along with Kara DioGuardi , Marti Frederiksen , and Luke Laird . It was released in November 2010 as the fourth and final single from her third studio album , "Play On" . These songwriters also wrote her previous single , "Undo It" .
The Robey-Peters Gun-Carrier was a British three-seater armed tractor biplane designed and built by Robey & Company Limited at Bracebridge Heath , Lincoln for the Royal Naval Air Service ( RNAS ) . Bracebridge Heath is a commuter village located approximately 2 mi south from the city and county town of Lincoln , England . It lies at the junction of two major roads the A15 to Sleaford and the A607 to Grantham , and was ( until modern systems of local government were introduced in the 19th century ) part of the Boothby Graffoe Wapentake . The village sits on top of Lincoln Cliff , overlooking Lincoln and the valley of the River Witham . The Viking Way runs along the cliff top , a 147 mi long footpath , which runs from the Humber Bridge to Oakham . Its population at the 2001 census was 4,530 , increasing to 5,656 at the 2011 census .
ESPN College Football Friday Primetime is a live game presentation of Division 1-A college football on ESPN or sometimes ESPN2 . There is no main sponsor . The game telecast airs every Friday night at 7:45pm ET during the college football regular season . In 2017 , the games will be announced by Adam Amin and Dusty Dvoracek . The game is preceded by a 5-10 minute long segment of "College Football Scoreboard" with Adnan Virk , Danny Kanell and Joey Galloway . They both also present the halftime report . Dusty Dvoracek ( born March 1 , 1983 ) is a former American football nose tackle . Drafted by the Chicago Bears of the National Football League in the third round of the 2006 NFL Draft , he played college football at Oklahoma and professionally with the Bears from 2006 to 2009 and the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League in 2010–11 .
Scientific Games Corporation is an American company that provides gambling products and services to lottery and gambling organizations worldwide . The company is headquartered in Las Vegas , Nevada . Products include electronic gaming machines , table games , iGaming and iLottery products , instant lottery games , lottery gaming systems , terminals and services , internet applications , server-based interactive gambling terminals , and gambling control systems . A scratchcard ( also called a scratch off , scratch ticket , scratcher , scratchie , scratch-it , scratch game , scratch-and-win , instant game or instant lottery in different places ) is a small card , often made of thin paper-based card for competitions and plastic to conceal PINs , where one or more areas contain concealed information which can be revealed by scratching off an opaque covering .
Jordan Haworth Peele ( born February 21 , 1979 ) is an American actor , comedian , writer , producer , and director . He is best known for starring in the Comedy Central sketch series "Key & Peele" and for his five seasons as a cast member on "MADtv" . In 2014 , he also had a recurring role in the first season of the FX anthology series "Fargo" . His directorial debut , the horror film "Get Out" , was released in 2017 to critical acclaim and box-office success . Keanu is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Peter Atencio and written by Jordan Peele and Alex Rubens . The film stars Peele , Keegan-Michael Key , Method Man , Nia Long , and Will Forte . Filming began in New Orleans , Louisiana in June 2015 . The film premiered at the South by Southwest Festival on March 13 , 2016 , and was released theatrically in North America on April 29 , 2016 , receiving generally positive reviews from critics and grossed $ 20 million against its $ 15 million budget .
In numerical analysis , the Runge–Kutta methods are a family of implicit and explicit iterative methods , which include the well-known routine called the Euler Method , used in temporal discretization for the approximate solutions of ordinary differential equations . These methods were developed around 1900 by the German mathematicians C. Runge and M. W. Kutta . Carl David Tolmé Runge ( ] ; 30 August 1856 – 3 January 1927 ) was a German mathematician , physicist , and spectroscopist .
Auliʻ i Cravalho ( ; ) is an American actress . She made her acting debut as the title character in the 2016 film "Moana" . Moana ( ) is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy-adventure film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is the 56th Disney animated feature film . Directed by Ron Clements and John Musker , co-directed by Don Hall and Chris Williams , the film introduces Auli ' i Cravalho as Moana and features the voices of Dwayne Johnson , Rachel House , Temuera Morrison , Jemaine Clement , Nicole Scherzinger , and Alan Tudyk . The film features music written by Lin-Manuel Miranda , Opetaia Foa ' i , and Mark Mancina .
( , Foochow Romanized : Diòng-lŏ̤h ) is a district located in eastern Fujian province , China . Administered by Fuzhou , it occupies a land area of 648 km2 and a sea area of 1327 km2 . Changle was established in the sixth year of Emperor Wu-De ( 623 AD ) during the Tang Dynasty , and it became a county-level city on February 18 , 1994 . The district faces East China Sea and is connected to Mawei district by the Min River . Due to an increase in businesses , the province is now one of the richest province in China . The city was upgraded into a district on August 2017 by a government proposal . Longkou ( ) , formerly Huang County ( ) , is a port city in northeastern Shandong province , China , facing the Bohai Sea to the north and the Laizhou Bay to the west . Longkou , a county-level city , is administered by the prefecture-level city of Yantai . The total population of Longkou is 620,000 .
The Red Queen 's Race is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov ; it uses the Red Queen 's race from Lewis Carroll 's "Through the Looking-Glass" as a metaphor for the final plot twist . The story also makes reference to Asimov 's psychohistory . "The Red Queen 's Race" was first published in the January 1949 issue of "Astounding Science Fiction" and reprinted in the 1972 collection "The Early Asimov" . Through the Looking-Glass , and What Alice Found There ( 1871 ) is a novel by Lewis Carroll ( Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ) , the sequel to "Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland" ( 1865 ) . Set some six months later than the earlier book , Alice again enters a fantastical world , this time by climbing through a mirror into the world that she can see beyond it . "Through the Looking-Glass" includes such celebrated verses as "Jabberwocky" and "The Walrus and the Carpenter" , and the episode involving Tweedledum and Tweedledee . The mirror which inspired Carroll remains displayed in Charlton Kings .
Brian Stokes Mitchell ( born October 31 , 1957 ) is an American stage , film and television actor and singer . A powerful baritone , he has been one of the central leading men of the Broadway theatre since the early 1990s . He won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical in 2000 for his performance in "Kiss Me , Kate" . New Dramatists is an organization of playwrights in New York City who participate in seven-year residencies to build up their skills and career . The organization was opened in New York City 's Theater District in 1949 . In addition to housing resident playwrights , New Dramatists also holds workshops for young authors . The organization hosts an annual luncheon at which actors and producers who have made contributions to American theatre are honored . Brian Stokes Mitchell , Glenn Close , and Meryl Streep are among past honorees .
Plantation is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Sarasota County , Florida , United States . The population was 4,919 at the 2010 census . It is part of the Bradenton–Sarasota–Venice Metropolitan Statistical Area . Venice is a city in Sarasota County , Florida , United States . The city includes what locals call "Venice Island" , a portion of the mainland that is accessed via bridges over the artificially created Intracoastal Waterway . The city is located south of Nokomis and north of Englewood . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 20,748 . It is noted for its large snowbird population and was voted as a top 10 Happiest Seaside Towns by Coastal Living .
Darren Benjamin Shepherd is an American screenwriter and film director . He was born in San Jose , CA and graduated with film and music degrees from San Jose State University . Rémi Lange ( born 4 February 1969 in Gennevilliers , Hauts-de-Seine ) is a French film director . Lange 's films have mostly been released directly to video , except "Omelette" ( 1998 ) where he filmed his own coming out , and its sequel "Les Yeux brouillés" ( 2000 ) , which both had general cinematic release in France . His films have been shown and have won awards at film festivals around the world .
Olympia is a 1938 German documentary film written , directed and produced by Leni Riefenstahl , documenting the 1936 Summer Olympics , held in the Olympic Stadium in Berlin , Germany . The film was released in two parts : "Olympia 1 . Teil — Fest der Völker" ( Festival of Nations ) and "Olympia 2 . Teil — Fest der Schönheit" ( Festival of Beauty ) . It was the first documentary feature film of the Olympic Games ever made . Many advanced motion picture techniques , which later became industry standards but which were groundbreaking at the time , were employed —including unusual camera angles , smash cuts , extreme close-ups , placing tracking shot rails within the bleachers , and the like . The techniques employed are almost universally admired , but the film is controversial due to its political context . Nevertheless , the film appears on many lists of the greatest films of all time , including "Time" magazine 's "All-Time 100 Movies ." Baghdad ER is a documentary released by HBO on May 21 , 2006 . It shows the Iraq war from the perspective of a military hospital in Baghdad . It has some relatively disturbing scenes in it ( e.g . amputations ) , therefore the U.S. Army is officially warning that military personnel watching it could experience symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
Aleksandr Ivanovsky ( 1881–1968 ) was a Russian screenwriter and film director who worked during the Soviet era . Ivanovsky was awarded the Stalin Prize in 1941 , for his work on the 1940 film "Musical Story" . His 1944 operetta film "Silva" was one of the most popular releases in the Soviet Union that year . Arthur Lubin ( July 25 , 1898 – May 12 , 1995 ) was an American film director and producer who directed several "Abbott & Costello" films , "Phantom of the Opera" ( 1943 ) , the "Francis the Talking Mule" series and created the talking-horse TV series "Mister Ed" . A prominent director for Universal Pictures in the 1940s and 1950s , he is perhaps best known today as the man who gave Clint Eastwood his first contract in film .
Auburn is an Antebellum mansion in Duncan Park in Natchez , Mississippi . It was designed and constructed by Levi Weeks in 1812 , and was the first building to exhibit Greek Revival order in the town . Its prominent two-story Greek portico served as a model for the subsequent architectural development of local mansions . It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1974 and a Mississippi Landmark in 1984 . Levi Weeks ( 1776–1819 ) was the accused in the infamous Manhattan Well Murder trial of 1800 , the first murder trial in the United States for which there is a recorded transcript . At the time of the murder , Weeks was a young carpenter in New York City . He was the brother of Ezra Weeks , one of New York 's most successful builders of the time .
The Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 is an act of the Parliament of Australia . It is one of the main statutes under which income tax is calculated . The act is gradually being rewritten into the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 , and new matters are generally now added to the 1997 act . Income tax in Australia is the most important revenue stream within the Australian taxation system . Income tax is levied upon three sources of income for individual taxpayers : "personal earnings" ( such as salary and wages ) , "business income" and "capital gains" .
The history of paleontology in the United States refers to the developments and discoveries regarding fossils found within or by people from the United States of America . Local paleontology began informally with Native Americans , who have been familiar with fossils for thousands of years . They both told myths about them and applied them to practical purposes . African slaves also contributed their knowledge ; the first reasonably accurate recorded identification of vertebrate fossils in the new world was made by slaves on a South Carolina plantation who recognized the elephant affinities of mammoth molars uncovered there in 1725 . The first major fossil discovery to attract the attention of formally trained scientists were the Ice Age fossils of Kentucky 's Big Bone Lick . These fossils were studied by eminent intellectuals like France 's George Cuvier and local statesmen and frontiersman like Daniel Boone , Benjamin Franklin , William Henry Harrison , Thomas Jefferson , and George Washington . By the end of the 18th century possible dinosaur fossils had already been found . Thomas Jefferson ( April 13 [ O.S . April 2 ] 1743 – July 4 , 1826 ) was an American Founding Father who was the principal author of the Declaration of Independence and later served as the third President of the United States from 1801 to 1809 . Previously , he was elected the second Vice President of the United States , serving under John Adams from 1797 to 1801 . A proponent of democracy , republicanism , and individual rights motivating American colonists to break from Great Britain and form a new nation , he produced formative documents and decisions at both the state and national level . He was a land owner and farmer .
The Lady is Britain 's longest-running weekly women 's magazine . It has been in continuous publication since 1885 and is based in London . It is particularly notable for its classified advertisements for domestic service and child care ; it also has extensive listings of holiday properties . Woman 's Day is an American women 's magazine that covers such topics as homemaking , food , nutrition , physical fitness , physical attractiveness , and fashion . The print edition is one of the Seven Sisters magazines . The magazine was first published in 1931 by The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company ; the current publisher is Hearst Corporation .
Zipporah Potter Atkins was a free African American woman who owned land in colonial Boston , during a time when few women or African Americans owned land in the American Colonies . The purchase of her home , dated 1670 , makes her the first African American to own land in the city of Boston , and with Anthony Johnson ( colonist ) one of the earliest African-American landowners in what would become the United States . Anthony Johnson ( 1600 – 1670 ) was a black Angolan who achieved freedom in the early 17th-century Colony of Virginia after serving his term of indenture . He became a property owner , and was one of the first people in Virginia to have his right to own a slave legally recognized . Held as an indentured servant in 1621 , he earned his freedom after several years , and was granted land by the colony .
"Rock You Like a Hurricane" is a song by German rock band Scorpions . The song was released as the lead single from their ninth studio album , "Love at First Sting" ( 1984 ) . It was written by Klaus Meine and Herman Rarebell , and composed by Rudolf Schenker . The lyrics of "Rock You Like a Hurricane" also reference the title of the album on which it originally appeared – "Love at First Sting" . Love at First Sting is the ninth studio album by German hard rock band Scorpions . It was released on 27 March 1984 on Harvest/EMI in Europe and Mercury in the US . The album contains "Rock You Like a Hurricane" , "Still Loving You" , and "Big City Nights" , three of the band 's most famous songs .
The 63d Fighter Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit , assigned to the 56th Operations Group , at Luke Air Force Base , Arizona . It operates the F-35A aircraft , conducting advanced fighter training since its reactivation in 2016 . Luke Air Force Base ( IATA : LUF , ICAO : KLUF , FAA LID : LUF ) is a United States Air Force base located seven miles ( 11 km ) west of the central business district of Glendale , in Maricopa County , Arizona , United States . It is also about 15 mi west of Phoenix , Arizona .
Peter James Crouch ( born 30 January 1981 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Stoke City . He was capped 42 times by the England national team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring 22 goals for his country in that time , and appearing at two World Cups . Abigail Marie "Abbey" Clancy ( born 10 January 1986 ) is an English lingerie and catwalk model and television presenter . She is married to footballer Peter Crouch , was the runner-up of "Britain 's Next Top Model , Cycle 2" and won series 11 of "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2013 .
Don Quichotte ( "Don Quixote" ) is an opera in five acts by Jules Massenet to a French libretto by Henri Caïn . It was first performed on 19 February 1910 at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo . Tosca ( ] ) is an opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa . It premiered at the Teatro Costanzi in Rome on 14 January 1900 . The work , based on Victorien Sardou 's 1887 French-language dramatic play , "La Tosca" , is a melodramatic piece set in Rome in June 1800 , with the Kingdom of Naples 's control of Rome threatened by Napoleon 's invasion of Italy . It contains depictions of torture , murder and suicide , as well as some of Puccini 's best-known lyrical arias .
Alain Resnais ( ] ; 3 June 19221 March 2014 ) was a French film director and screenwriter whose career extended over more than six decades . After training as a film editor in the mid-1940s , he went on to direct a number of short films which included "Night and Fog" ( 1955 ) , an influential documentary about the Nazi concentration camps . Scott Sidney ( 1872 – 20 July 1928 ) , born Harry Wilbur Siggins , was an American film director . He directed 117 films between 1913 and 1927 .
The 2017–18 Philadelphia 76ers season will be the 79th season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . The 2017–18 76ers season will likely be the first time where their franchise 's young core would play together with players like Joel Embiid , Ben Simmons , Dario Saric , Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot , and newly drafted point guard , Markelle Fultz with leading the way moving forward . Furthermore , during the 2016–17 season , the club was plagued with injury with Ben Simmons , Jahlil Okafor , Jerryd Bayless , Joel Embiid and Robert Covington . All five of them missed significant time . They would wind up acquiring the # 1 pick again , this time being point guard Markelle Fultz from the Boston Celtics on June 19 , four days before the 2017 NBA Draft began in exchange for their # 3 pick this year ( which was Jayson Tatum ) and another first round pick moving forward . During the 2017–18 campaign , the Sixers look to build young core and have more of a legitimate change to a playoff run since Sam Hinkie 's infamous tanking method . Markelle N'Gai Fultz ( born May 29 , 1998 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . After playing college basketball for one season with the Washington Huskies , he was drafted with the first overall pick of the 2017 NBA draft by the 76ers .
Ruston & Hornsby , later known as Ruston , was an industrial equipment manufacturer in Lincoln , England , the company 's history going back to 1840 . The company is best known as a manufacturer of narrow and standard gauge diesel locomotives and also of steam shovels . Other products included cars , steam locomotives and a range of internal combustion engines , and later gas turbines . The company is now part of the Siemens group of Germany . British Rail Class D1/3 ( formerly DY1 ) was a locomotive commissioned by British Rail in England . It was a diesel powered locomotive in the pre-TOPS period built by Ruston & Hornsby . In appearance , it was similar to British Rail Class 97/6 , but with 0-4-0 wheels .
Aaron Hall ( born August 10 , 1964 , The Bronx , New York City and growing up in Brooklyn and Roosevelt , Long Island ) , is an American soul singer and songwriter . He is a current member of the group Guy , which he founded in the late 1980s , along with New jack swing producer Teddy Riley and songwriter Timmy Gatling , who was later replaced by Hall 's brother Damion Hall . In 1988 , they released their debut album which went on to sell over a million copies being certified platinum . Hall led the group in songs like "Groove Me" , "I Like" and "Piece Of My Love" . New jack swing or swingbeat is a fusion genre spearheaded by Teddy Riley and Bernard Belle that became popular from the late 1980s into the early 1990s . Its influence , along with hip hop , seeped into pop culture and was the definitive sound of the inventive black New York club scene . It fuses the rhythms , samples , and production techniques of hip hop and dance-pop with the urban contemporary sound of R & B . The new jack swing style developed as many previous music styles did , by combining elements of older styles with newer sensibilities . It used R & B style vocals sung over hip hop and dance-pop style influenced instrumentation . The sound of new jack swing comes from the hip hop "swing" beats created by drum machine , and hardware samplers , which were popular during the Golden Age of Hip Hop , with contemporary R & B style singing .
Monique Wittig ( ] ; July 13 , 1935 – January 3 , 2003 ) was a French author and feminist theorist who wrote about overcoming socially enforced gender roles and who coined the phrase "heterosexual contract" . She published her first novel , "L'Opoponax" , in 1964 . Her second novel , "Les Guérillères" ( 1969 ) , was a landmark in lesbian feminism . Lincoln Joseph Steffens ( April 6 , 1866 – August 9 , 1936 ) was a New York reporter who launched a series of articles in "McClure 's" , called "Tweed Days in St. Louis" , that would later be published together in a book titled "The Shame of the Cities" . He is remembered for investigating corruption in municipal government in American cities and for his early support for the Soviet Union .
Hessians were the 18th century German auxiliaries contracted for military service by the British government . They took their name from the German state of Hesse-Kassel . The British hired Hessian troops for combat duty in several eighteenth century conflicts , but they are most widely associated with combat operations in the American Revolutionary War ( 1775–1783 ) . Count Carl Emil Ulrich von Donop ( January 1 , 1732 – October 25 , 1777 ) was a Hessian colonel who fought in the American Revolutionary War .
Ticonderoga is a town in Essex County , New York , United States . The population was 5,042 at the 2010 census . The name comes from the Mohawk "tekontaró : ken" , meaning "it is at the junction of two waterways" . Lake George Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga , in Essex County , New York . The district contains 20 contributing buildings on 14 properties ; 12 houses and eight garages . It includes single-family homes built between 1919 and 1921 by W.A . Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management . The houses share a common American Craftsman influenced bungalow style . Gale also constructed the houses in the Amherst Avenue Historic District .
Control Room is a 2004 documentary film about Al Jazeera and its relations with the US Central Command ( CENTCOM ) , as well as the other news organizations that covered the 2003 invasion of Iraq . Made by Egyptian-American filmmaker Jehane Noujaim , the film was distributed by Magnolia Pictures ( owned by 2929 Entertainment ) . Meeting Resistance is a 2007 documentary film about the Iraq War . The film presents the views of eleven Iraqi resistance fighters in the Adhamiyah neighborhood of Baghdad . The film was directed by journalists Molly Bingham ( United States ) and Steve Connors ( UK ) .
Dobara Phir Se is a 2016 Pakistani romantic drama film directed by Mehreen Jabbar and a production of ARY Films . The film is produced by Salman Iqbal and co-produced by Mohammad Jerjees Seja . The film stars Ali Kazmi , Hareem Farooq , Adeel Hussain , Tooba Siddiqui , Sanam Saeed , Atiqa Odho , Shaz Khan , and child actor , Musa Khan . The film was released on 25 November 2016 . Salman Iqbal ( Urdu : ‎ ) is a Pakistani media mogul . He became the CEO of ARY Digital Network in 2014 after the death of Abdul Razzak Yaqoob . In addition , Iqbal is the owner of the ARY Group , that was started by his Uncle Abdul Razzak Yaqoob and publisher of the Newsweek Middle East .
Dennis Banks ( born April 12 , 1937 ) , a Native American leader , teacher , lecturer , activist and author , is an Anishinaabe born on Leech Lake Indian Reservation in northern Minnesota . Banks is also known as Nowa Cumig ( "Naawakamig" in the Double Vowel System ) . His name in the Ojibwe language means "In the Center of the Universe ." He has been a longtime leader of the American Indian Movement , which he co-founded in 1968 with Native Americans in Minneapolis . Let Mother Earth Speak is a collaboration album , by Japanese new age musician Kitaro and Native American activist Dennis Banks .
Suleiman I ( Ottoman Turkish : سلطان سليمان اول‎ "Sultan Süleyman-ı Evvel" ; Turkish : "I. Süleyman , Kanunî Sultan Süleyman "or" Muhteşem Süleyman" ; 6 November 1494 – 6 September 1566 ) , commonly known as Suleiman the Magnificent in the West and Kanunî Sultan Süleyman ( Ottoman Turkish : قانونى سلطان سليمان‎ ) ( English : "The Lawgiver Suleiman" ) in his realm , was the tenth and longest-reigning sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1520 to his death in 1566 . Under his administration , the Ottoman state ruled over 15 to 25 million people . Gevherhan Sultan ( born 1544 , Ottoman Turkish : کوھرخان سلطان‎ ) was an Ottoman princess , the daughter of Sultan Selim II ( reign 1566—1574 ) and Nurbanu Sultan . She was the granddaughter of Suleiman the Magnificent ( reign 1520–66 ) and Hürrem Sultan , sister of Sultan Murad III ( reign 1574–95 ) and aunt of Sultan Mehmed III ( reign 1595–1603 ) .
Tropicana Las Vegas is a hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . It is owned and operated by Penn National Gaming and is a franchise of Hilton 's DoubleTree chain . It offers 1,467 rooms and a 50000 sqft gaming floor . Tropicana Las Vegas also has 72000 sqft of convention and exhibit space . The 7th AVN Awards ceremony , organized by Adult Video News ( AVN ) , took place on January 8 , 1990 , at the Tropicana Hotel & Casino in Paradise , Nevada . During the ceremony , AVN Awards were presented in 44 categories honoring pornographic films released the previous year . Actor Rick Savage hosted the show with segment co-hosts Christy Canyon , Barbara Dare and Nina Hartley . Portions of the show were taped for a segment on "Entertainment Tonight" .
The Stielhandgranate ( Literally , German for "stalk hand grenade" ) was a German hand grenade of unique design . It was the standard issue of the German Empire during World War I and World War II in which became the infamously issue of Nazi Germany 's Wehrmacht . The very distinctive appearance led to it being called a "stick grenade" , or "potato masher" in British Army slang , and is today one of the most easily recognized infantry weapons of the 20th century . The Model 17 Eierhandgranate ( "Egg grenade" ) is a small defensive and offensive hand grenade which was used by Germany during World War I . The average soldier could throw it 40 meters or farther . It was more portable than the heavier Kugelhandgranate and less awkward to handle than the Stick grenade . The body of the grenade was initially smooth and thus difficult to hold so the design was modified with the addition of a raised band to provide better grip .
1920 is a series of Indian horror films . It is directed by Vikram Bhatt , Bhushan Patel and Tinu Suresh Desai , in each of three films . The story is written by Vikram Bhatt , for all three series . The first film released in 2008 is directed by Vikram Bhatt , the released in 2012 is directed by Bhushan Patel and the third film is directed by Tinu Suresh Desai will be released in 2016 . The two films were commercially successful at the box office . 1920 is a 2008 Indian horror film written and directed by Vikram Bhatt . Filmed in Hindi , the film revolves around the events surrounding a married couple living in a haunted house in the year 1920 . The film stars debutant actors Rajneesh Duggal and Adah Sharma as the married couple and Indraneil Sengupta in a special role . The film is the first installment of the 1920 ( film series ) , which was a critical and commercial success . The film was also dubbed into Telugu as "1920 Gayathri" . A sequel , "" , was also released to mixed reviews and commercial success in 2012 . The film is loosely inspired from the 1973 horror cult classic The Exorcist .
Gustavo Rodolfo Mendoza Hernández ( born 19 October 1934 in Guatemala City ) is a Guatemalan clergyman and emeritus Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop in Guatemala . Pope John Paul II appointed him on July 9 , 2004 as auxiliary bishop of the archbishopric of Guatemala and titular bishop of Selemselae . On 11 November 2016 , resigned to Pope Francis citing his age . Pope Francis ( Latin : "Franciscus" ; Italian : "Francesco" ; Spanish : "Francisco" ; born Jorge Mario Bergoglio ; 17 December 1936 ) is the 266th and current Pope of the Catholic Church , a title he holds "ex officio" as Bishop of Rome , and sovereign of Vatican City . He chose Francis as his papal name in honor of Saint Francis of Assisi . Francis is the first Jesuit pope , the first from the Americas , the first from the Southern Hemisphere , the first to choose a name not used by a predecessor since Lando in 913 AD , and the first pope from outside Europe since the Syrian Gregory III , who reigned in the 8th century .
The Celebrity Apprentice 2 ( also known as The Apprentice 8 ) is the eighth installment of the reality game show , "Celebrity Apprentice" . It premiered on March 1 , 2009 . "The Celebrity Apprentice 2" aired for two hours on Sundays at 9:00 Eastern time . Joan Rivers was the winner , while Annie Duke was the runner-up . Brande Roderick , Dennis Rodman , and Claudia Jordan all returned for All-Star Celebrity Apprentice . Roderick , Rodman , and Jordan placed 7th , 9th , and 11th , respectively , with Rodman and Jordan unable to raise anything and Roderick was able to raise $ 20,000 . Anne LaBarr "Annie" Duke ( née Lederer ; September 13 , 1965 ) is an American professional poker player and author . She holds a World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) gold bracelet from 2004 and used to be the leading money winner among women in WSOP history ( a title now held by Vanessa Selbst ) . Duke won the 2004 World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions and the National Heads-Up Poker Championship in 2010 . She has written a number of instructional books for poker players , including "Decide to Play Great Poker" and "The Middle Zone" , and she published her autobiography , "How I Raised , Folded , Bluffed , Flirted , Cursed , and Won Millions at the World Series of Poker" , in 2005 .
A hydrogen vehicle is a vehicle that uses hydrogen as its onboard fuel for motive power . Hydrogen vehicles include hydrogen fueled space rockets , as well as automobiles and other transportation vehicles . The power plants of such vehicles convert the chemical energy of hydrogen to mechanical energy either by burning hydrogen in an internal combustion engine , or by reacting hydrogen with oxygen in a fuel cell to run electric motors . Widespread use of hydrogen for fueling transportation is a key element of a proposed hydrogen economy . A flexible-fuel vehicle ( FFV ) or dual-fuel vehicle ( colloquially called a flex-fuel vehicle ) is an alternative fuel vehicle with an internal combustion engine designed to run on more than one fuel , usually gasoline blended with either ethanol or methanol fuel , and both fuels are stored in the same common tank . Modern flex-fuel engines are capable of burning any proportion of the resulting blend in the combustion chamber as fuel injection and spark timing are adjusted automatically according to the actual blend detected by a fuel composition sensor . Flex-fuel vehicles are distinguished from bi-fuel vehicles , where two fuels are stored in separate tanks and the engine runs on one fuel at a time , for example , compressed natural gas ( CNG ) , liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) , or hydrogen .
Thornton–Cleveleys ( originally simply-named Cleveleys ) was a small-sized railway station which served the two English Lancashire towns of Thornton and Cleveleys , but was situated in the centre of Thornton . Located on the now disused line between Poulton-le-Fylde and Fleetwood , the station also had a shunting yard for the making-up of freight trains for Preston and beyond . During its life it was also known at times as Thornton station and Thornton for Cleveleys station . In the 1860s and early 1870s the line was of great importance being the direct route from London to Glasgow . Before the Shap route was opened , passengers ( allegedly including Queen Victoria ) would travel from Euston to Fleetwood and then onwards via steamer to Scotland . Poulton-le-Fylde railway station serves the town of Poulton-le-Fylde in Lancashire , England . It is managed by Northern , but also served by Virgin Trains and is 14+1/4 mi northwest of Preston .
Tian Tan Buddha , also known as the Big Buddha , is a large bronze statue of Buddha Shakyamuni , completed in 1993 , and located at Ngong Ping , Lantau Island , in Hong Kong . The statue is sited near Po Lin Monastery and symbolises the harmonious relationship between man and nature , people and faith . It is a major centre of Buddhism in Hong Kong , and is also a popular tourist attraction . Buddhism is a major religion in Hong Kong and has been greatly influential in the traditional culture of its populace . Among the most prominent Buddhist temples in the city there are the Chi Lin Nunnery in Diamond Hill , built in the Tang Dynasty 's architectural style ; the Po Lin Monastery on Lantau Island , famous for the outdoor bronze statue , Tian Tan Buddha , which attracts a large number of visitors during the weekends and holidays .
Hanoi ( or ; Vietnamese : "Hà Nội" , ] ) is the capital of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam and the country 's second largest city by population . Its population in 2009 was estimated at 2.6 million for urban districts and 7 million for the metropolitan jurisdiction . The population in 2015 was estimated at 7.7 million people . From 1010 until 1802 , it was the most important political centre of Vietnam . It was eclipsed by Huế , the imperial capital of Vietnam during the Nguyễn Dynasty ( 1802–1945 ) , but Hanoi served as the capital of French Indochina from 1902 to 1954 . From 1954 to 1976 , it was the capital of North Vietnam , and it became the capital of a reunified Vietnam in 1976 , after the North 's victory in the Vietnam War . Việt Bắc ( "Northern Vietnam" ) is a region of Vietnam north of Hanoi that served as the Viet Minh 's base of support during the First Indochina War ( 1946–1954 ) .
A tobacconist , also called a tobacco shop or smoke shop , is a retailer of tobacco products in various forms and the related accoutrements , such as pipes , lighters , matches , pipe cleaners , pipe tampers . More specialized retailers may sell ashtrays , humidification devices , hygrometers , humidors , cigar cutters , and more . Books and magazines , especially ones related to tobacco are commonly offered . Items irrelevant to tobacco such as puzzles , games , figurines , hip flasks , canes or other walking sticks , and candy are sometimes sold . In the USA , a tobacconist shop is traditionally represented by a wooden Indian positioned nearby . Most retailers of tobacco sell other types of product ; today supermarkets , in many countries with a special counter , are usually the main sellers of the common brands of cigarette . In the United Kingdom , a common combination in small shops has been a newsagent selling newspapers and magazines , as well as confectionery and tobacco . In UK retailing this sector is known as "CONTOB" ( "confectionery and tobacco" ) . The cigar store Indian or wooden Indian is an advertisement figure , in the likeness of a Native American , used to represent tobacconists . The figures are often three-dimensional wooden sculptures several feet tall – up to life-sized . They are still occasionally used for their original advertising purpose , but are more often seen as decorations or advertising collectibles , with some pieces drawing sales prices of up to $ 500,000 . People within the Native American community often view such likenesses as a caricature or as depictions that perpetuate stereotypes , drawing an analogy to the African-American lawn jockey .
The relations between Switzerland and the European Union ( EU ) are framed by a series of bilateral treaties whereby the Swiss Confederation has adopted various provisions of European Union law in order to participate in the Union 's single market . All but one ( the microstate Liechtenstein ) of Switzerland 's neighbouring countries are EU member states . The Swiss federal popular initiative "against mass immigration" ( German : "Eidgenössische Volksinitiative "Gegen Masseneinwanderung"" , French : "Initiative populaire « Contre l'immigration de masse »" , Italian : "Iniziativa popolare "Contro l'immigrazione di massa"" ) was a referendum that aimed to limit immigration through quotas , as it had been prior to the bilateral treaties between Switzerland and the European Union launched 2002 .
Lorenzo Monaco ( born Piero di Giovanni ; 1370 – c. 1425 ) was an Italian painter of the late Gothic-early Renaissance age . He was born Piero di Giovanni in Siena . Little is known about his youth , apart from the fact that he was apprenticed in Florence . He was influenced by Giotto and his followers Spinello Aretino and Agnolo Gaddi . Giotto di Bondone ( 1270 – January 8 , 1337 ) , known mononymously as Giotto ( ] ) and latinised as Giottus , was an Italian painter and architect from Florence during the Late Middle Ages . He worked during the "Gothic or Proto-Renaissance" period .
The University of Georgia , also referred to as UGA or simply Georgia , is an American public research university . Its main 762 acres campus is located in Athens , Georgia , approximately 72 mile northeast of Atlanta . It is the flagship university of the University System of Georgia . Founded in 1785 , it is the country 's oldest state-chartered university and the birthplace of the American system of public higher education . Gretchen Gotay Cordero ( born August 14 , 1980 ) is a Puerto Rican former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and backstroke events . She won a total of four medals ( 2 golds and 2 bronze ) in both freestyle and medley relays at the Central American and Caribbean Games ( 1998 , 2002 , and 2006 ) . She is a member of Athens Bulldogs Swim Club under her personal coach Harvey Humphries , and a graduate with a master 's degree in sports management at the University of Georgia in Athens .
Tanjong Pagar Centre , also known as Guoco Tower , is a S $ 3.2 billion mixed-use development located in Tanjong Pagar , Singapore . With a height of 290 m , it is currently the tallest building in Singapore , breaking the record held jointly by UOB Plaza , One Raffles Place and Republic Plaza for over 20 years . One Raffles Place , formerly Overseas Union Bank Centre or OUB Centre is one of the tallest skyscrapers in the city of Singapore . It was the tallest together with the UOB Plaza and Republic Plaza until the construction of Tanjong Pagar Centre in 2016 . At 280 m , it was also the tallest building in the world outside North America at the time of its completion in 1986 , surpassing South Korea 's 63 Building completed one year earlier , until it was succeeded by the Bank of China Tower . The building sits at the city centre of Raffles Place .
New York State Route 9R ( NY 9R ) is a north–south state highway in northeastern Albany County , New York , in the United States . The route is a 3.22 mi eastern loop of U.S. Route 9 ( US 9 ) , connecting that route to the city of Cohoes 1.5 mi to the east . It leaves US 9 in the hamlet of Latham and rejoins its parent in the hamlet of Boght Corners , both located in the town of Colonie . Most of NY 9R is a two-lane highway that passes through residential areas ; however , the southwesternmost portion of the route is four lanes wide and serves a commercial district . The route was assigned c. 1939 and has remained largely unchanged since that time , save for a brief period during the 1970s where NY 9R was partially replaced by NY 470 . Boght Corners ( also referred to as Boght ) is a hamlet in the town of Colonie in northern Albany County , New York that straddles U.S. Route 9 ( Route 9 ) . The corners that give the hamlet its name are found at the intersection of Route 9 and Boght Road ( NY Route 9R on leg east of hamlet ) , near the Boght Community Fire District ’ s station . The community is served by the North Colonie Central School District . Boght Hills Elementary School is located within the hamlet .
Steve Augeri ( born January 30 , 1959 ) is an American rock singer best known for his work with Tall Stories , Tyketto , and Journey . Cherie Ann Currie ( born November 30 , 1959 ) is an American musician ( instrumentalist , singer , songwriter ) , actress and artist . Currie was the lead vocalist of the Runaways , a rock band from Los Angeles , in the mid-to-late 1970s . After the Runaways , she became a solo artist . Then she teamed up with her identical twin sister , Marie Currie , and released an album with her . They released a duet "Since You Been Gone" which charted number 95 on US charts . Their band was called Cherie and Marie Currie . She is also well known for her role in the movie "Foxes" .
Volvic is a brand of mineral water . Its source is Clairvic Spring , Auvergne Regional Park just to the north of the Puy de Dôme in France . Canfield 's Diet Chocolate Fudge soda is a zero-calorie , aspartame-sweetened carbonated soft drink canned and distributed by the A.J . Canfield Company of Elgin , Illinois , USA , a division of Select Beverages . Production for the midwestern United States is handled by the American Bottling Company , a subsidiary of Dr Pepper Snapple Group and distribution by Kehe Foods of Chicago .
The Lowry Hotel is located by the River Irwell in Salford , Greater Manchester , England . The five star hotel is named after the artist L. S. Lowry , and although is within the boundaries of the City of Salford , it is promoted as "The Lowry Hotel , Manchester" . When the hotel first opened Marco Pierre White was the overseeing chef of "The River Room Restaurant" . Laurence Stephen Lowry { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : 'RBA RA ' , ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 1 November 1887 – 23 February 1976 ) was an English artist . Many of his drawings and paintings depict Pendlebury , Lancashire , where he lived and worked for more than 40 years , and also Salford and its surrounding areas .
Mis'ry 's Comin ' Aroun is a once-neglected song from the 1927 musical "Show Boat" by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II . It was cut from the production during the Washington D.C. tryout on the orders of producer Florenz Ziegfeld , supposedly because it was one of the factors that made the show too long ( it ran four-and-a-half hours when it premiered ) . However , musical theatre historian Miles Kreuger and conductor John McGlinn , also suggest that it was the dark , dramatic tone of the piece that most concerned Ziegfeld . Kern was reportedly so incensed by the deletion of "Mis'ry 's Comin ' Aroun" that he made it the principal motif of Show Boat 's original overture and asked orchestrator Robert Russell Bennett to work sections of it into the background music as well , where it is now played by the orchestra during some of the dialogue scenes involving the mixed race actress Julie La Verne . Oscar Greeley Clendenning Hammerstein II ( ; July 12 , 1895 – August 23 , 1960 ) was an American librettist , theatrical producer , and ( usually uncredited ) theatre director of musicals for almost forty years . Hammerstein won eight Tony Awards and two Academy Awards for Best Original Song . Many of his songs are standard repertoire for vocalist 's and jazz musicians . He co-wrote 850 songs . Hammerstein was the lyricist and playwright in his partnerships ; his collaborators wrote the music . Hammerstein collaborated with numerous composers , such as Jerome Kern , with whom he wrote "Show Boat" , Vincent Youmans , Rudolf Friml , Richard A. Whiting and Sigmund Romberg ; but he is best known for his collaborations with Richard Rodgers , as the duo Rodgers and Hammerstein which include "Oklahoma ! ", "Carousel" , "South Pacific" , "The King and I" , and "The Sound of Music" .
Huis Ten Bosch ( ハウステンボス , "Hausu Ten Bosu" ) is a theme park in Sasebo , Nagasaki , Japan , which recreates the Netherlands by displaying life-sized copies of old Dutch buildings . The name Huis Ten Bosch translates into English as "House in the Woods/bush" . It is named after Huis ten Bosch , one of the three official residences of the Dutch Royal Family , located in The Hague in the Netherlands and former home to Princess Beatrix . The Huis Ten Bosch ( ハウステンボス , Hausutenbosu ) is a limited express train service operated by Kyushu Railway Company ( JR Kyushu ) in Japan . It runs between Hakata Station in Fukuoka , Fukuoka , and Huis Ten Bosch Station , the station for the Huis Ten Bosch theme park in Sasebo , Nagasaki .
Tiger Please is an Indie / Alternative five-piece band from Cardiff , Wales . The band formed in August 2008 . The band 's influences are U2 , Sigur Rós , Kings of Leon , John Mayer and Counting Crows . They signed with Walnut Tree Records in 2009 and released their debut EP "They Do n't Change Under Moonlight" . "Kerrang ! "magazine , "Rock Sound" magazine , and "Classic Rock" magazine praised the EP and featured the band on the "Rock Sound" and "Classic Rock" cover-mount albums . The band toured with Kids In Glass Houses , InMe , Twin Atlantic and Funeral For A Friend . Black Rebel Motorcycle Club ( often abbreviated as BRMC ) is an American rock band from San Francisco , California . The group consists of Peter Hayes ( vocal , guitar , harmonica ) , Robert Levon Been ( vocal , bass , guitar ) , and Leah Shapiro ( drums ) . Former drummer Nick Jago left the band in 2008 to focus on his solo project .
Charles Monroe Schulz ( November 26 , 1922 – February 12 , 2000 ) , nicknamed Sparky , was an American cartoonist best known for the comic strip "Peanuts" ( which featured the characters Charlie Brown and Snoopy , among others ) . He is widely regarded as one of the most influential cartoonists of all time , cited as a major influence by many later cartoonists , including "Calvin and Hobbes" creator Bill Watterson . The Peanuts Movie ( known in some countries as Snoopy and Charlie Brown : The Peanuts Movie ) is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox , based on Charles M. Schulz 's comic strip "Peanuts" . The film is directed by Steve Martino and written by Craig and Bryan Schulz ( Schulz 's son and grandson , respectively ) , and Cornelius Uliano , and stars the voices of Noah Schnapp as Charlie Brown and , via archival recordings , Bill Melendez as Snoopy and Woodstock . It is the fifth full-length "Peanuts" film , and the first feature film in 35 years . It commemorates the 65th anniversary of the comic strip and the 50th anniversary of the TV special "A Charlie Brown Christmas" , and was released on November 6 , 2015 .
Point of Entry is the seventh album from the British heavy metal band Judas Priest . It was released on 26 February 1981 . "Heading Out to the Highway" is a song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest from their 1981 album "Point of Entry" . It was released as a single later that year .
Christies Beach is a seaside suburb in the southern Adelaide metropolitan area , within the City of Onkaparinga . The area is scenic and hence popular with photographers as Witton Bluff provides a natural vantage point over the entire suburb and beyond . The John Bice Memorial Oval is a public park in the Australian state of South Australia located within the suburb of Christies Beach and which is used by the Christies Beach Football Club and Southern District Cricket Club as their home ground .
Muehlenbeckia or the maidenhair genus is native to the Southern Hemisphere , especially South America , Papua New Guinea , Australia and New Zealand , and has been introduced both by birds and cultivation to temperate locales north of the equator . Some are tiny alpine mat-forming plants whereas others are vigorous vines with masses of dark stems and minimal small bronze-tinged leaves . In virtually frost-free environments , rampant species can become weedy and difficult to eradicate . Euptelea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the monogeneric family Eupteleaceae . The genus is found from Assam east through China to Japan , and consists of shrubs or small trees :
Forbes is a town in the Central West region of New South Wales , Australia , located on the Newell Highway between Parkes and West Wyalong . At the 2011 census , Forbes had a population of 7,560 . Forbes is probably named after Sir Francis Forbes , first Chief Justice of NSW . Red Bend Catholic College is a Roman Catholic secondary , day and boarding co-educational school run by the Marist Brothers located in Forbes in the Central West region of New South Wales , Australia . Established in 1926 , the College has enrolled approximately 800 students from Year 7 to Year 12 .
Axess ( アクセス国際ネットワーク ) is a Computer reservations system based in Japan which provides its services in the Japanese market . It originated as the IT department of Japan Airlines called Jalinfotech . In 1991 it was established as an independent company it began to be marketed to travel agencies in Japan . In 1995 Axess partnered with Sabre Holdings in order to provide travel agencies in Japan with booking and ticketing capabilities for a wider range of international airlines . Japan Airlines Co. , Ltd. ( JAL ) ( 日本航空株式会社 , Nihon Kōkū Kabushiki-gaisha , , OTC Pink : JAPSY ) , is the flag carrier airline of Japan and the second largest in the country behind All Nippon Airways . It is headquartered in Shinagawa , Tokyo , Japan ; and its main hubs are Tokyo 's Narita International Airport and Tokyo International Airport ( Haneda Airport ) , as well as Osaka 's Kansai International Airport and Osaka International Airport . JAL group companies include Japan Airlines , J-Air , JAL Express , Japan Air Commuter , Japan Transocean Air and Ryukyu Air Commuter for domestic feeder services ; and JAL Cargo for cargo and mail services .
Julia Piaton ( born 29 January 1985 ) is a French actress . She is known for playing the role of Odile in "Serial ( Bad ) Weddings" . Serial ( Bad ) Weddings ( French : Qu'est-ce qu'on a fait au Bon Dieu ? ) is a French comedy film directed by Philippe de Chauveron released in 2014 .
Moda Center , formerly known as the Rose Garden , is the primary indoor sports arena in Portland , Oregon , United States . It is suitable for large indoor events of all sorts , including basketball , ice hockey , rodeos , circuses , conventions , ice shows , concerts , and dramatic productions . The arena has a capacity of 19,393 spectators when configured for basketball . It is equipped with state-of-the-art acoustics and other amenities . Metro West Ambulance is an ambulance corporation based in the U.S. state of Oregon with ambulances and wheelie vans throughout Washington County and along the Oregon Coast ( under the names Pacific West Ambulance , Bay Cities Ambulance , and Medix Ambulance ) . Metro West also manages the Vernonia Volunteer Ambulance Association . In addition to daily emergency ambulance services , Metro West also serves customers through a comprehensive wheelchair van service , special event medical support for Portland 's Moda Center , the Oregon State Fair , and many other events throughout the year . Metro West also offers community medical and preparedness training with "Education for Life" through the American Heart Association .
Clarembald was a medieval Benedictine monk and abbot-elect of St Augustine 's Abbey in Canterbury , Kent . St Augustine 's Abbey was a Benedictine monastery in Canterbury , Kent , England . The abbey was founded in 598 and functioned as a monastery until its dissolution in 1538 during the English Reformation . After the abbey 's dissolution , it underwent dismantlement until 1848 . Since 1848 , part of the site has been used for educational purposes and the abbey ruins have been preserved for their historical value .
Banneker Recreation Center is an historic structure located in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington , D.C . The building was built in 1934 and was named for Benjamin Banneker , a free African American who assisted in the survey of boundaries of the original District of Columba in 1791 . It was known as a premier African American recreation center in the city . It was listed on the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 1985 and it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 . The structure currently houses the Banneker Community Center , a unit of the District of Columbia Department of Parks and Recreation . Benjamin Banneker ( November 9 , 1731October 9 , 1806 ) was a free African American almanac author , surveyor , naturalist , and farmer . Born in Baltimore County , Maryland , to a free African American woman and a former slave , Banneker had little formal education and was largely self-taught . He is known for being part of a group led by Major Andrew Ellicott that surveyed the borders of the original District of Columbia , the federal capital district of the United States .
Naj is a Polish language fortnightly lifestyle and women 's magazine published in Warsaw , Poland . Woman 's Era is a fortnightly women interest magazine published in English in India . It was started in 1973 by Vishwanath under his publishing house , the Delhi Press . The magazine is owned by the Delhi Press . Divesh Nath has been the managing editor of the magazine since 2002 .
The Division of Sydney is an Australian electoral division in the state of New South Wales . The division draws it name from Sydney , the most populous city in Australia , which itself was named after former British Home Secretary Thomas Townshend , 1st Viscount Sydney . The division was proclaimed at the redistribution of 21 November 1968 , replacing the old Division of Dalley , Division of East Sydney and Division of West Sydney , and was first contested at the 1969 election . Dianne Hiles AM is an Australian activist and politician with the Australian Greens . As part of a long history in refugee rights activism , Dianne co-founded ChilOut which has advocated for the release of children and families from Immigration Detention centres for over 12 years . In recognition of her work with this organisation as well as with Amnesty International , Board of A Just Australia , the Evatt Foundation , and her dedication to a multitude of human rights issues , Hiles was invited to become a Member of the Order of Australia in 2010 . In this year she also completed her Masters in Human Rights at the University of Sydney . Dianne is currently the Australian Greens candidate for the federal Division of Sydney .
Asheville Regional Airport ( IATA : AVL , ICAO : KAVL , FAA LID : AVL ) is a Class C airport near Interstate 26 near the town of Fletcher , 9 mi south of downtown Asheville , in the U.S. state of North Carolina , United States . It is owned by the Greater Asheville Regional Airport Authority . It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 , in which it is categorized as a non-hub primary commercial service facility . In 2016 it served an all-time record number of passengers for the airport , 826,648 , an increase of 5 % over 2015 and the third consecutive year of record traffic . Orlando International Airport ( IATA : MCO , ICAO : KMCO , FAA LID : MCO ) is a major public airport located six miles ( 10 km ) southeast of Orlando , Florida , United States . It is the second-busiest airport in the state of Florida , as over 40.2 million passengers were handled at the airport as of 2015 . This makes it the 14th-busiest airport in the U.S. by total passenger traffic .
California Polytechnic State University , also known as California Polytechnic State University , San Luis Obispo , Cal Poly San Luis Obispo , or Cal Poly , is a public university located in San Luis Obispo , California , United States . Founded in 1901 as a vocational high school , it is currently one of only two polytechnic universities in the 23-member California State University system . With six colleges , the university offers 64 bachelor 's degrees , 32 master 's degrees , and 7 teaching credentials . The university does not grant doctoral degrees . Polytechnic University of the Philippines ( Filipino : "Politeknikong Unibersidad ng Pilipinas" ; abbreviated as PUP and commonly known as PUP Main , PUP Sta . Mesa , and PUP Manila ) is a coeducational , research state university located in Santa Mesa , Manila , Philippines . It was founded on October 19 , 1904 as the Manila Business School . The university is ruled by Republic Act Number 8292 , or the Higher Education Modernization Act of 1997 . PUP has a total of 71,963 students enrolled , and it has 25 branches and campuses located in Metro Manila , Northern and Central Luzon , and in Southern Luzon .
Steeplechase Park was an amusement park in the Coney Island area of Brooklyn , New York created by George C. Tilyou ( 1862–1914 ) which operated from 1897 to 1964 . It was the first of the three original iconic large parks built on Coney Island , the other two being Luna Park ( 1903 ) and Dreamland ( 1904 ) . Steeplechase was Coney Island 's longest lasting park . Unlike Dreamland , which burned in a fire in 1911 , and Luna Park which , despite early success , saw its profitability disappear during the Great Depression , Steeplechase had kept itself financially profitable . The Tilyou family had been able to adapt the park to the changing times , bringing in new rides and new amusements to Steeplechase such as the Parachute Jump . Dreamland was an ambitious amusement park at Coney Island , Brooklyn , New York City from 1904 to 1911 . It was the last , and considered the grandest , of the three original iconic large parks built on Coney Island , the other two being Steeplechase Park and Luna Park .
Kadaperi is a geographical region in West Tambaram , Chennai , India . The name comes from "Kada" meaning door or gateway in Kannada/Tamil and "eri" meaning lake , hence Gateway Lake to Chennai . With a population of around 2000 people , Kadaperi is close to the Madras Export Processing Zone , which is the first Special Economic Zone in Chennai . "Pachai Malai" grassland and lakes are present in the area . A special economic zone ( SEZ ) is an area in which business and trade laws are different from rest of the country . SEZs are located within a country 's national borders , and their aims include : increased trade , increased investment , job creation and effective administration . To encourage businesses to set up in the zone , financial policies are introduced . These policies typically regard investing , taxation , trading , quotas , customs and labour regulations . Additionally , companies may be offered tax holidays , where upon establishing in a zone they are granted a period of lower taxation .
HackThisSite.org , commonly referred to as HTS , is an online hacking and security website founded by Jeremy Hammond , with the site being maintained by a members of the community after his departure . It aims to provide users with a way to learn and practice basic and advanced "hacking" skills through a series of challenges in a safe and legal environment . The organization has a user base of over 1,800,000 . The actual number of active members is believed to be much lower . The most users online at the same time was 1,995 on February 5 , 2012 at 2:46:10 AM CST . Jeremy Hammond ( born January 8 , 1985 ) is a political hacktivist and computer hacker from Chicago . He was convicted and sentenced in November 2013 to 10 years in US Federal Prison for hacking the private intelligence firm Stratfor and releasing the leaks through the whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks . He founded the computer security training website HackThisSite in 2003 .
Gemma Rovira Ortega ( born in 1974 ) is an English-Spanish translator from Barcelona , known for translating the Harry Potter series , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas by John Boyne and The Kingkiller Chronicle series by Patrick Rothfuss into Spanish . The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a 2006 Holocaust novel by Irish novelist John Boyne . Unlike the months of planning Boyne devoted to his other books , he said that he wrote the entire first draft of "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas" in two and a half days , barely sleeping until he got to the end . As of March 2010 , the novel had sold more than five million copies around the world . In both 2007 and 2008 , it was the best selling book of the year in Spain , and it has also reached number one on the "New York Times" bestseller list , as well as in the UK , Ireland , and Australia . The book was adapted in 2008 as a film of the same name .
Gary Barlow OBE ( born 20 January 1971 ) is an English singer , songwriter and record producer . He is frontman and lead vocalist of British pop-group Take That . Barlow also served as head judge of "The X Factor UK" from 2011 to 2013 and "Let It Shine" in 2017 . Barlow is one of Britain 's most successful songwriters , having written fourteen number one singles and twenty-four top 10 hits . He has had three number one singles , six top 10 singles and two number one albums as a solo artist , and has had seventeen top 5 hits , twelve number one singles and seven number one albums with Take That . He is also a six-time recipient of the Ivor Novello Award and has sold over 50 million records worldwide . Christopher Keith Irvine ( born November 9 , 1970 ) , better known by the ring name Chris Jericho , is a Canadian-American professional wrestler , musician , media personality , actor , author , podcaster , and businessman signed to WWE on the SmackDown brand , where he is currently on a hiatus due to an expected tour with Fozzy . He is known for his over-the-top , rockstar persona .
Maurice Tourneur ( 2 February 1876 – 4 August 1961 ) was a French film director and screenwriter . Gregory J . "Greg" Mottola ( born July 11 , 1964 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , and television director . Mottola wrote and directed the 1996 independent film "The Daytrippers" , then concentrated for several years on directing in television for series such as "Undeclared" and "Arrested Development" . More recently , he has directed the feature films "Superbad" , "Adventureland" , and "Paul" .
Celebrities Under Pressure is a British game show that aired on ITV from 13 September 2003 to 7 August 2004 . It was first hosted by Melanie Sykes for series 1 & 2 and then hosted by Vernon Kay for series 3 . Vernon Charles Kay ( born 28 April 1974 ) is an English television presenter , radio DJ and former model best known for his television roles with ITV , presenting shows such as "All Star Family Fortunes" ( 2006–2015 ) , "Beat the Star" ( 2008–2009 ) and "Splash ! "( 2013–2014 ) .
Thriller is a broad genre of literature , film and television , having numerous , often overlapping subgenres . Thrillers are characterized and defined by the moods they elicit , giving viewers heightened feelings of suspense , excitement , surprise , anticipation and anxiety . Successful examples of thrillers are the films of Alfred Hitchcock . The Curse of Downers Grove is an American thriller film written by Bret Easton Ellis . The film is based on the 1999 novel "Downers Grove" by Michael Hornburg , the film stars Kevin Zegers , Bella Heathcote , Penelope Mitchell , Lucas Till , Zane Holtz , Helen Slater , and Tom Arnold . The film received a limited theatrical release on August 21 , 2015 and a subsequent DVD/Blu-Ray release on September 1 , 2015 .
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE ( ] ; born 18 November 1963 ) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and was voted the IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper in 1992 and 1993 . He is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United , whom he captained to the 1999 UEFA Champions League to complete the Treble , and for winning UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark . Kasper Peter Schmeichel ( ] ; born 5 November 1986 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Leicester City and the Denmark national team . He is the son of former Manchester United and Danish international goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel .
Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov ( Russian : Андрей Николаевич Колмогоров ; ] , 25 April 1903 – 20 October 1987 ) was a 20th-century Soviet mathematician who made significant contributions to the mathematics of probability theory , topology , intuitionistic logic , turbulence , classical mechanics , algorithmic information theory and computational complexity . Askold Georgievich Khovanskii ( Russian : Аскольд Георгиевич Хованский ; born 3 June 1947 , Moscow ) is a Russian and Canadian mathematician currently a professor of mathematics at the University of Toronto , Canada . His areas of research are algebraic geometry , commutative algebra , singularity theory , differential geometry and differential equations . His research is in the development of the theory of toric varieties and Newton polyhedra in algebraic geometry . He is also the inventor of the theory of fewnomials .
The Good Dinosaur is a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy-drama adventure film produced by Pixar Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . The film is directed by Peter Sohn in his directorial debut from a screenplay by Meg LeFauve from an original idea by Bob Peterson . Set on a fictional Earth in which dinosaurs never became extinct , the film follows a young "Apatosaurus" named Arlo , who meets an unlikely human friend while traveling through a harsh and mysterious landscape . The film features the voices of Raymond Ochoa , Jack Bright , Sam Elliott , Anna Paquin , A.J . Buckley , Steve Zahn , Jeffrey Wright , and Frances McDormand . Anna Helene Paquin ( ; born 24 July 1982 ) is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress . Born in Manitoba and brought up in Wellington , New Zealand , Paquin studied at Hutt Intermediate School and Wellington Girls ' College in New Zealand before moving to Los Angeles during her youth where she studied at Windward School and went on to complete a year at Columbia University before leaving post-secondary to focus on her acting career . As a child , she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion 's romantic drama film "The Piano" ( 1993 ) , despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role . For her performance , she received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the age of 11 , making her the second-youngest Academy Award winner in Oscar history .
Thomas William Hiddleston ( born 9 February 1981 ) is an English actor , producer and musical performer . At the beginning of his career , he appeared in West End theatre productions of "Cymbeline" ( 2007 ) and "Ivanov" ( 2008 ) . He won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Newcomer in a Play for his role in "Cymbeline" and was also nominated for the same award for his role as Cassio in "Othello" . Only Lovers Left Alive is a 2013 internationally co-produced vampire film written and directed by Jim Jarmusch , and starring Tilda Swinton , Tom Hiddleston , Mia Wasikowska , Anton Yelchin , Jeffrey Wright , Slimane Dazi , and John Hurt . A co-production of the United Kingdom and Germany , the film was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival .
Shonen Jump , officially stylized SHONEN JUMP and abbreviated SJ , is a "shōnen" manga anthology published in North America by Viz Media . It debuted in November 2002 with the first issue having a January 2003 cover date . Based on Shueisha 's popular Japanese magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump" , "Shonen Jump" is retooled for English readers and the American audience , including changing it from a weekly publication to a monthly one . It features serialized chapters from four manga series , and articles on Japanese language and culture , as well as manga , anime , video games , and figurines . Prior to the magazine 's launch , Viz launched an extensive marketing campaign to promote it and help it succeed where previous manga anthologies published in North America had failed . Shueisha purchased an equity interest in Viz to help fund the venture , and Cartoon Network , Suncoast , and Diamond Distributors became promotional partners in the magazine . Rolling Stone is an American biweekly magazine that focuses on popular culture . It was founded in San Francisco in 1967 by Jann Wenner , who is still the magazine 's publisher , and the music critic Ralph J. Gleason . It was first known for its musical coverage and for political reporting by Hunter S. Thompson . In the 1990s , the magazine shifted focus to a younger readership interested in youth-oriented television shows , film actors , and popular music . In recent years , it has resumed its traditional mix of content .
The Walt Disney World Dolphin is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney 's Hollywood Studios in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake , Florida , next to Disney 's BoardWalk Resort area . It opened on June 1 , 1990 and is joined to its sister hotel , the Walt Disney World Swan ( also designed by Graves ) by a palm-tree lined covered walkway crossing a lagoon . The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company , Tishman Hotel Corporation , MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts . The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company , while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife but operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Sheraton Hotels brand . The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts ; because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only . The 1991 Mr. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition held in September 1991 at the Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel in Orlando , Florida .
The Red Butte Creek oil spill was caused by a rupture in a medium crude oil pipeline that occurred on June 11 and 12 2010 . The Chevron Pipeline ( CPL ) is 10 inches in diameter and runs from western Colorado to a Chevron Corporation oil refinery near Salt Lake City Utah . A half inch diameter hole in the pipeline was caused by an electrical arc from high voltage power lines to a metal fence post buried a few inches above the pipeline . Chevron Corporation ( ) is an American multinational energy corporation . One of the successor companies of Standard Oil , it is headquartered in San Ramon , California , and active in more than 180 countries . Chevron is engaged in every aspect of the oil , natural gas , and geothermal energy industries , including hydrocarbon exploration and production ; refining , marketing and transport ; chemicals manufacturing and sales ; and power generation . Chevron is one of the world 's largest oil companies ; as of 2014 , it ranked third in the Fortune 500 list of the top US closely held and public corporations and sixteenth on the Fortune Global 500 list of the top 500 corporations worldwide . It was also one of the Seven Sisters that dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the 1970s .
MS "Moby Dada" is a cruiseferry operated by Moby Lines , under charter from DFDS Seaways . She was built in 1981 as "Finlandia" for Effoa at Wärtsilä 's Perno shipyard in Turku , Finland , and placed in service on Silja Line 's Helsinki—Stockholm service . In 1990 she was sold to DFDS Seaways and renamed "Queen of Scandinavia" . From 2010 until 2016 , she operated under the name of "Princess Maria" for St. Peter Line between Helsinki and St. Petersburg , Russia . DFDS Seaways is a large Danish shipping company that operates passenger and freight services across northern Europe . Following the acquisition of Norfolkline in 2010 , DFDS restructured its other shipping divisions ( DFDS Tor Line and DFDS Lisco ) into the previously passenger-only operation of DFDS Seaways .
Polvo is an American indie noise rock band from Chapel Hill , North Carolina . The band , formed in 1990 , is fronted by guitarists/vocalists Ash Bowie and Dave Brylawski . Brian Quast plays drums , and Steve Popson plays bass guitar . Eddie Watkins was the band 's original drummer , but did not rejoin the band upon its reunion in 2008 . The Black Keys are an American rock band formed in Akron , Ohio , in 2001 . The group consists of Dan Auerbach ( guitar , vocals ) and Patrick Carney ( drums ) . The duo began as an independent act , recording music in basements and self-producing their records , before they eventually emerged as one of the most popular garage rock artists during a second wave of the genre 's revival in the 2010s . The band 's raw blues rock sound draws heavily from Auerbach 's blues influences , including Junior Kimbrough , Howlin ' Wolf , and Robert Johnson .
Chester Charles Bennington ( March 20 , 1976 – July 20 , 2017 ) was an American singer and songwriter . He was the lead singer for the rock band Linkin Park and also served as the frontman for Dead by Sunrise and Stone Temple Pilots . Joseph Fidler Walsh ( born November 20 , 1947 ) is an American singer , guitarist , and songwriter . In a career spanning more than 40 years , he has been a member of five successful rock bands : James Gang , Barnstorm , Eagles , the Party Boys , and Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band . In the 1990s , he was also a member of the short-lived supergroup the Best .
Tofu is a 2015 British online documentary series created by Russell T Davies and presented by journalist and YouTube host Benjamin Cook , available on 4oD , Channel 4 's video-on-demand service . The sister series to Channel 4 's "Cucumber" and E4 's "Banana" , "Tofu" is a documentary series that focuses on a range of sex attitudes in the twenty-first century from the viewpoint of everyday people . Like "Cucumber" and "Banana" , the name of the series refers to the same urological scale of hardness of the male erection which starts at "tofu" , goes through "peeled banana" and ends at "cucumber" from a European study that inspired Davies . Banana is a 2015 British television series created by Russell T Davies and aired on E4 . The sister series to Channel 4 's "Cucumber" and the 4oD documentary series "Tofu" , "Banana" is a series focusing on LGBT youth in Manchester , on the vicinity of the "Cucumber" narrative . Unlike "Cucumber" , which is a self-contained serial following the story of one gay man , "Banana" is an anthology series focusing on the wider LGBT spectrum . The series was nominated for the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding TV Movie or Limited Series .
Cineplex Odeon Corporation was one of North America 's largest movie theatre operators , with theatres in its home country of Canada and the United States . The Cineplex Odeon Theatres are now operated by Cineplex Entertainment in Canada and as AMC Theatres in the United States . AMC Theatres ( originally an abbreviation for American Multi-Cinema , often referred to simply as AMC and known in some countries as AMC Cinemas ) is an American movie theater chain owned and operated by AMC Entertainment Inc. , which is itself owned by AMC Entertainment Holdings , Inc. , majority-owned by Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group . Founded in 1920 , AMC has the largest share of the American theater market ahead of Regal Entertainment Group and Cinemark Theatres . The chain has 86 locations in mainland China , home of the Dalian Wanda Group . The company 's headquarters are located in Leawood , Kansas .
The Japanese imperial year ( 皇紀 , kōki ) or "national calendar year" is a unique calendar system in Japan . It is based on the legendary foundation of Japan by Emperor Jimmu in 660 BC . "Kōki" emphasizes the long history of Japan and the Imperial dynasty . Emperor Jimmu ( 神武天皇 , Jinmu-tennō ) was the first Emperor of Japan , according to legend . His accession is traditionally dated as 660 BC . According to Japanese mythology , he is a descendant of the sun goddess Amaterasu , through her grandson Ninigi , as well as a descendant of the storm god Susanoo . He launched a military expedition from Hyuga near the Inland Sea , captured Yamato , and established this as his center of power . In modern Japan , Jimmu 's accession is marked as National Foundation Day on February 11 .
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise , centered on a film series created by George Lucas . It depicts the adventures of various characters "a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away" . Boba Fett is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise . In "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi" , he is a bounty hunter hired by Darth Vader and also employed by Jabba the Hutt . He was also added briefly to the original film "Star Wars" when the film was digitally remastered. "" establishes his origin as an unaltered clone of the bounty hunter Jango Fett raised as his son . He also appears in several episodes of cartoon series which further describes his growth as a villain in the Star Wars universe . His aura of danger and mystery has created a cult following for the character .
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( ; Russian : Пётр Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 25 April/7 May 1840 – 25 October/6 November 1893 ) , often anglicized as Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky , was a Russian composer of the romantic period , some of whose works are among the most popular music in the classical repertoire . He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally , bolstered by his appearances as a guest conductor in Europe and the United States . Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884 , by Emperor Alexander III , and awarded a lifetime pension . Mavra is a one-act opera buffa composed by Igor Stravinsky , and one of the earliest works of Stravinsky 's 'neo-classical ' period . The libretto of the opera , by Boris Kochno , is based on Alexander Pushkin 's "The Little House in Kolomna" . Mavra is about 25 minutes long , and features two arias , a duet , and a quartet performed by its cast of four characters . The opera has been characterised as both an homage to Russian writers , and a satire of bourgeois manners and the "Romeo and Juliet" subgenre of romance . Philip Truman has also described the music as satirising 19th-century comic opera . The dedication on the score is to the memory of Pushkin , Glinka and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
Kamehameha III ( born Kauikeaouli ) ( 1813 – December 15 , 1854 ) was the King of Hawaii from 1825 to 1854 . His full Hawaiian name was Keaweaweʻ ula Kīwalaʻ ō Kauikeaouli Kaleiopapa and then lengthened to Keaweaweʻ ula Kīwalaʻ ō Kauikeaouli Kaleiopapa Kalani Waiakua Kalanikau Iokikilo Kīwalaʻ ō i ke kapu Kamehameha when he ascended the throne . In 1847 , the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi , under the reign of King Kamehaheha III , issued its first official coinage—a large one-cent copper penny—to alleviate the chronic shortage of small denomination coins circulating in the Hawaiian Islands . The next and last official coinage of the Hawaiian Islands was minted in 1883 , by King Kalākaua I ; however during the intervening period , the changing needs of the Hawaiian Islands were met by circulating private-issued tokens and the coins of the United States of America .
John Michael "Mickey" Arthur ( born 17 May 1968 ) is a South African cricketer who played South African domestic cricket from 1986 to 2001 . He is the current coach of the Pakistan national cricket team . He coached the South African national team from 2005 to 2010 , and was the coach of the Australia national cricket team until his sacking on 23 June 2013 . Karachi Kings ( Urdu : ‎ ; Sindhi : ڪراچي ڪنگز‎ ) is a Pakistani professional Twenty20 cricket team that competes in the Pakistan Super League . The team is based in Karachi , the provincial capital of Sindh , Pakistan . The team was formed in 2015 , as a result of the formation of the Pakistan Super League by Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB ) . Team 's home ground is National Stadium . The team is currently captained by Kumar Sangakkara and coached by Mickey Arthur a former South African cricketer . It is owned by Salman Iqbal , the CEO of ARY Group .
József Viola ( 10 June 1896 – 18 August 1949 ) also known as Giuseppe Viola was a Hungarian football player and coach , who played as a midfielder . He is most prominent for his time in Italy and his association with clubs such as Juventus . Juventus Football Club S.p.A. ( from Latin "iuventūs" , "youth" ; ] ) , colloquially known as Juve ( ] ) , is a professional Italian football club in Turin , Piedmont . Founded in 1897 by some Torinese students , the club has worn a black and white striped home kit since 1903 and has played home matches in different grounds around its city , the latest being the 41,507-capacity Allianz Stadium . Nicknamed "Vecchia Signora" ( "the Old Lady" ) , the club has won a thirty-three official league titles , twelve Coppa Italia titles and seven national Super Cups titles , being the record holder for all these competitions ; two Intercontinental Cups , two European Champion Clubs ' Cup and UEFA Champions Leagues , one European Cup Winners ' Cup , a national record of three UEFA Cups , two UEFA Super Cups and one UEFA Intertoto Cup . Consequently , the side leads the historical Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio ( FIGC ) ranking whilst on the international stage occupies the 4th position in Europe and the eight in the world for most confederation titles won with eleven trophies , having led the UEFA rankings during seven seasons since its inception in 1979 , the most for an Italian team .
Kabataş Erkek Lisesi or Kabataş High School ( Ottoman Turkish : Kabataş Mekteb-i İdâdisi‎ ) is one of the oldest and most prominent high schools in Turkey . It is located in Ortaköy at Bosphorus in Istanbul . Küçüksu Palace or Küçüksu Pavilion , a.k.a . Göksu Pavilion , ( Turkish : "Küçüksu Kasrı" ) is a summer palace in Istanbul , Turkey , situated in the Küçüksu neighborhood of Beykoz district on the Asian shore of the Bosphorus between Anadoluhisarı and the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge . The tiny palace was used by Ottoman sultans for short stays during country excursions and hunting .
Jamal Yaseem Igle is an American comic book artist , editor , art director , marketing executive and animation storyboard artist . The creator of the comic book series Molly Danger he is also known for his pencilling , inking and coloring work on books such as "Supergirl" and "Firestorm" . Firestorm is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . Ronnie Raymond and Martin Stein debuted as the first incarnation in "Firestorm , the Nuclear Man" No . 1 ( March 1978 ) and was created by Gerry Conway and Al Milgrom . Jason Rusch debuted as a modern update of the character in "Firestorm" vol . 3 No . 1 , ( July 2004 ) , and was created by Dan Jolley and Chris Cross .
Super High Me is a 2008 documentary film about the effects of smoking cannabis for 30 days . The documentary stars comedian Doug Benson . The documentary 's name and its poster are plays on the 2004 documentary "Super Size Me" . The End of Suburbia : Oil Depletion and the Collapse of The American Dream is a 2004 documentary film concerning peak oil and its implications for the suburban lifestyle , written and directed by Toronto-based filmmaker Gregory Greene .
Lukas Rossi ( born December 21 , 1976 ) is a Canadian rock musician and was the winner of the CBS Television reality series "" - a televised audition contest to become lead singer of the hard rock supergroup "Rock Star Supernova" . Terry Alan Kath ( January 31 , 1946 – January 23 , 1978 ) was an American musician and songwriter , best known as the original guitarist , one of the lead singers and founding members of the rock band Chicago . He has been praised by the band for his guitar skills and Ray Charles-influenced vocal style .
Sufism or Taṣawwuf ( Arabic : الْتَّصَوُّف [ sect ] ; personal noun : صُوفِيّ - "ṣūfiyy" / "ṣūfī" , مُتَصَوّف - "mutaṣawwūf" ) , which is often defined as "Islamic mysticism" , "the inward dimension of Islam" , or "the phenomenon of mysticism within Islam" , is a mystical trend in Islam "characterized ... [ by particular ] values , ritual practices , doctrines and institutions" which began very early on in Islamic history and which represents "the main manifestation and the most important and central crystallization of" mystical practice in Islam . Although the overwhelming majority of Sufis , both pre-modern and modern , have been adherents of Sunni Islam , there nevertheless also developed certain strands of Sufi practice within the ambit of Shia Islam during the late medieval period . Ovamir Anjum is the Imam Khattab Chair of Islamic Studies at the Department of Philosophy , University of Toledo . He studies the connections between theology , ethics , politics , and law in classical and medieval Islam , with a subfocus on its comparisons with western thought . Related fields of study include Islamic philosophy and Sufism .
Religion on the Line is the name of a number of local talk radio programs , where a variety of clergy members discuss religious and other topics . On WABC in New York , it is hosted by Rabbi Joseph Potasnik and Deacon Kevin McCormack . On KCMO in Kansas City , it is hosted by Reverend Robert Lee Hill , Chancellor George M. Noonan , and Rabbi Emeritus Michael Zedek . On KABC in Los Angeles , it was hosted by Dennis Prager . Dennis Mark Prager ( ; born August 2 , 1948 ) is an American conservative and nationally syndicated radio talk show host , columnist , author , and public speaker .
Tonka is a 1958 Walt Disney Western adventure film about the US cavalry horse that survived the Battle of the Little Big Horn . Also released under the title A Horse Named Comanche , it stars Sal Mineo as a Sioux who fought there . It was filmed in Bend , Oregon , and distributed by Buena Vista Distribution . 101 Dalmatians is a 1996 American live-action comedy adventure film based on Walt Disney 's animated 1961 movie adaptation of Dodie Smith 's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians ." Directed by Stephen Herek and co-produced by John Hughes and Ricardo Mestres , it stars Glenn Close , Jeff Daniels , Joely Richardson , Joan Plowright , Hugh Laurie , Mark Williams and Tim McInnerny . In contrast with the 1961 film , none of the animals talk in this version . Released on November 27 , 1996 by Walt Disney Pictures , the film was praised for its faithfulness to the animated classic . It received mixed reviews , but was a commercial success , grossing $ 320.6 million in theaters against a $ 75 million budget . Close , who was universally praised for her portrayal as Cruella de Vil , was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical , but lost to Madonna in "Evita" . The film was also nominated for a BAFTA award for best makeup effects . A theatrical sequel titled "102 Dalmatians" was released on November 22 , 2000 with Close and McInnerny reprising their roles .
David Hersey ( born November 30 , 1939 ) is a lighting designer who has designed the lighting for over 250 plays , musicals , operas , and ballets . His work has been seen in most corners of the globe and his awards include the Tony Award for Best Lighting Design for "Evita" , "Cats" , and "Les Misérables" , the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design for "Cats" , "Miss Saigon" , and "Equus" , and the 1996 Laurence Olivier Award for Lighting Design . Equus is a play by Peter Shaffer written in 1973 , telling the story of a psychiatrist who attempts to treat a young man who has a pathological religious fascination with horses .
The Ocean County Mall is a super-regional mall , opened in 1976 by Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation , located in Toms River , New Jersey on Hooper Avenue ( County Route 549 ) . The mall is accessible from Exit 82 of the Garden State Parkway via Route 37 East . The mall is managed by Simon Property Group . The mall has a gross leasable area of 890000 sqft . The Seacourt Pavilion is a regional shopping center on Hooper Avenue in Toms River , New Jersey . It is right across the street from the Ocean County Mall . The mall has a gross leasable area of 253000 sqft .
Regional Rural Banks are local level banking organizations operating in different States of India . They have been created with a view to serve primarily the rural areas of India with basic banking and financial services . However , RRBs may have branches set up for urban operations and their area of operation may include urban areas too . The RRB were established in India under RRB Act 1976 [ 23 ( 1 ) ] . There are total 56 Gramin ( RRB 's ) banks in India . Maharashtra Gramin Bank is one of them . Maharashtra Gramin Bank is a Regional Rural Bank , in the State of Maharashtra , India . Govt of India vide its notification dated 25 March 2008 amalgamated the two RRBs i.e . Aurangabad Jalna Gramin Bank & Thane Gramin Bank into a single RRB named Maharashtra Godavari Gramin Bank . As per notification issued by Government of India , Ministry of Finance , Department of Financial Services ref no F.No 1/4/2006-RRB ( II ) dated 20 July 2009 , Maharashtra Gramin Bank came into existence on 20 July 2009 after amalgamation of erstwhile "Maharashtra Godavari Gramin Bank" and "Marathawada Gramin Bank" . As per Government of India , Ministry of Finance order No . F1/4/2012-RRB , dated 17 July 2014 . The bank 's head office is in Aurangabad . The bank is sponsored by Bank of Maharashtra . The share capital of the bank is contributed by Government of India .
Jayaprakash Narayan ( ; 11 October 1902 – 8 October 1979 ) , popularly referred to as JP or Lok Nayak ( Hindi for The Folk Hero ) , was an Indian independence activist , theorist and political leader , remembered especially for leading the mid-1970s opposition against Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , for whose overthrow he called a "total revolution" . His biography , "Jayaprakash ," was written by his nationalist friend and an eminent writer of Hindi literature , Ramavriksha Benipuri . In 1999 , he was posthumously awarded the Bharat Ratna , India 's highest civilian award , in recognition of his social work . Other awards include the Magsaysay award for Public Service in 1965 . The Patna airport is also named after him . The largest hospital run by the Delhi government and the teaching hospital of the famous Maulana Azad Medical College , Lok Nayak Jayaprakash Hospital , is also named after him . It was formerly called Irwin hospital . There is also a park in his name , situated on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg , in New Delhi , just opposite to Maulana Azad Medical College . On August 1 , 2015 , the Chhapra-Delhi-Chhapra Weekly Express was renamed as "Loknayak Express" in his honour . The Bharat Ratna ( ] ; "Jewel of India" ) is the highest civilian award of the Republic of India . Instituted in 1954 , the award is conferred "in recognition of exceptional service/performance of the highest order" , without distinction of race , occupation , position , or sex . The award was originally limited to achievements in the arts , literature , science , and public services , but the government expanded the criteria to include "any field of human endeavour" in December 2011 . The recommendations for the Bharat Ratna are made by the Prime Minister to the President , with a maximum of three nominees being awarded per year . Recipients receive a "Sanad" ( certificate ) signed by the President and a peepal-leaf–shaped medallion ; there is no monetary grant associated with the award . Bharat Ratna recipients rank seventh in the Indian order of precedence .
Tonka is a 1958 Walt Disney Western adventure film about the US cavalry horse that survived the Battle of the Little Big Horn . Also released under the title A Horse Named Comanche , it stars Sal Mineo as a Sioux who fought there . It was filmed in Bend , Oregon , and distributed by Buena Vista Distribution . 101 Dalmatians is a 1996 American live-action comedy adventure film based on Walt Disney 's animated 1961 movie adaptation of Dodie Smith 's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians ." Directed by Stephen Herek and co-produced by John Hughes and Ricardo Mestres , it stars Glenn Close , Jeff Daniels , Joely Richardson , Joan Plowright , Hugh Laurie , Mark Williams and Tim McInnerny . In contrast with the 1961 film , none of the animals talk in this version . Released on November 27 , 1996 by Walt Disney Pictures , the film was praised for its faithfulness to the animated classic . It received mixed reviews , but was a commercial success , grossing $ 320.6 million in theaters against a $ 75 million budget . Close , who was universally praised for her portrayal as Cruella de Vil , was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical , but lost to Madonna in "Evita" . The film was also nominated for a BAFTA award for best makeup effects . A theatrical sequel titled "102 Dalmatians" was released on November 22 , 2000 with Close and McInnerny reprising their roles .
Akkineni Naga Chaitanya ( born 23 November 1986 ) is an Indian film actor who works in Telugu cinema . He debuted in the 2009 film "Josh" , directed by newcomer Vasu Varma and produced by Dil Raju . Prior to the release of his first film , he signed his second film with Indira Productions , which was to be directed by Gautham Menon. "Ye Maaya Chesave" released in 2010 with comparisons drawn to his father Akkineni Nagarjuna 's romantic film , "Geethanjali" . Tadakha ( English : "Mettle" ) , also spelt as Thadaka is a 2013 Telugu action film directed by Kishore Kumar Pardasani , who directed "Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kashtam" earlier . The film is a remake of the well-received 2012 Tamil film "Vettai" , written and directed by N. Linguswamy . Initially , Sameera Reddy was approached to reprise her role . She was replaced by Andrea Jeremiah . Tamannaah is seen opposite Naga Chaitanya for the second time after "100 % Love" . The film received mixed to positive reviews and was declared a "Super Hit" at the box office and Sunil won Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor - Telugu for his excellent police officer role .
Margot Elise Robbie ( ; born 2 July 1990 ) is an Australian actress and producer . Robbie started her career by appearing in Australian independent films in the late 2000s . She was later cast in the soap opera "Neighbours" ( 2008–2011 ) , which earned her two Logie Award nominations . Focus is a 2015 American romantic crime comedy-drama film written and directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa , starring Will Smith , Margot Robbie , and Rodrigo Santoro . The film was released on February 27 , 2015 and received mixed reviews from critics but was a success at the box office , grossing a total of $ 159 million off its $ 50 million budget .
The 2008 Football League Championship play-off Final was contested between Bristol City and Hull City . The match was won by Hull City through a 38th-minute goal from Dean Windass . The victory meant that this was the first time in the history of Hull City that they would be competing in the top flight of English Football . The match took place on 24 May 2008 in Wembley Stadium , London . Dean Windass ( born 1 April 1969 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker . He is best known for his spells at Bradford City and contributing to his hometown team Hull City 's promotion to the Premier League in 2008 . He currently plays for AFC . Walkington in the Premier Division of the East Riding League , where his ex-teammate Leigh Palin is the manager .
Bridger is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Gallatin County , Montana , United States . It comprises the Bridger Bowl Ski Area and some nearby residences on the eastern side of the Bridger Range in southwestern Montana . As of the 2010 census the Bridger CDP had a population of 30 . Bridger Bowl is a ski area in the western United States , near Bozeman , Montana . It serves the local population , including Montana State University .
James Cox Kennedy ( born 1948 ) is an American media executive and the current chair of Cox Enterprises , the media conglomerate founded by his grandfather , James M. Cox . According to the Forbes billionaires list from 2017 , he is the 105th richest person in the world , the thirty-seventh richest person in the United States , and the richest person in the state of Georgia , surpassing his aunt , Anne Cox Chambers , for the title . He was featured in a Forbes article entitled "This Billionaire Knows The Secret To Saving A Family Business" . Anne Beau Cox Chambers ( born December 1 , 1919 ) is an American media proprietor , who has a stake of interest in Cox Enterprises , a privately held media empire that includes newspapers , television , radio , cable television , and other businesses .
S.D . Bob "Snake" Plissken is the main protagonist of the films "Escape from New York" and "Escape from L.A." . He is portrayed by Kurt Russell , and created by director John Carpenter and screenwriter Nick Castle . An anti-hero , he is a former Special Forces operator/war hero in World War III turned criminal . The movies follow his apprehension by the United States Police Force and subsequent conscription to extract top-secret material from New York City and Los Angeles — which have , in this dystopian setting , been entirely converted into maximum-security prisons . Kurt Vogel Russell ( born March 17 , 1951 ) is an American actor . He began acting on television in the western series "The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters" ( 1963–64 ) . In the late 1960s , he signed a ten-year contract with The Walt Disney Company where , according to Robert Osborne , he became the studio 's top star of the 1970s .
Synergy Group Corp. is a South American conglomerate created and owned by Germán Efromovich , an entrepreneur holding multiple citizenship of Brazil , Colombia and Poland . The group is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . It operates several airlines in South America , among which are Avianca Holdings , with a 66.66 % stake , and is active in the exploration of oil and natural gas throughout the region . Additionally , it operates hydroelectric power plants , participates in the construction of telecommunications infrastructure , shipbuilding and technical inspections , radiochemistry , radiopharmaceuticals , agriculture and hospitality . Avianca El Salvador , formerly Transportes Aereos del Continente Americano , simply known as TACA Airlines , is an airline owned by the Synergy Group based in El Salvador . As TACA , it was the flag carrier of El Salvador . As Avianca El Salvador , it is one of the seven nationally branded airlines ( Avianca Ecuador , Avianca Honduras , etc . ) in the Avianca Holdings group of Latin American airlines . This Airline has been in operation for 75 years .
Purpose is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer and songwriter Justin Bieber . It was released on November 13 , 2015 by Def Jam Recordings and School Boy Records . It serves as the follow-up to Bieber 's third studio album "Believe" ( 2012 ) , and it was developed after the release of his collection "Journals" ( 2013 ) , which saw him in a more R & B direction . The album was created over a period of two years , in which Bieber struggled to find a musical direction for recording , scrapping each of these tracks many times . The album features guest vocals from Travis Scott , Big Sean & Halsey , and production help from Skrillex & Diplo . With the help of his personal friend and frequent collaborator Jason Boyd , Bieber started writing and recording with the idea of making an inspirational album that could encourage people through uplifting messages during a period of all his media scrutiny and his involvement in various misdemeanours ; as well as his relationship with his former girlfriend Selena Gomez . "Friends" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Justin Bieber and American record producer and songwriter BloodPop . It was written by Bieber , Julia Michaels , Justin Tranter and BloodPop , with production handled by BloodPop . The song was released through GENPOP Corporation , RBMG Records , School Boy Records , Def Jam Recordings and Republic Records on August 17 , 2017 . It is Bieber 's first single credited as lead artist to be released in over a year , the previous being "Company" , which was released in March 2016 for his studio album "Purpose" ( 2015 ) . The song peaked at number one in five countries and the top ten in another seventeen . It peaked at number 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 .
Mariaan de Swardt ( born 18 March 1971 ) is a former tennis player from South Africa , who played as a professional from 1988 to 2001 . She twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics , in 1992 and 1996 , and was a member of the South African Fed Cup Team in 1992 and 1994–1997 . In 2006 , de Swardt became a U.S. citizen . Serena Jameka Williams ( born September 26 , 1981 ) is an American professional tennis player . The Women 's Tennis Association ( WTA ) has ranked her world No . 1 in singles on eight occasions , from 2002 to 2017 . She became the world No . 1 for the first time on July 8 , 2002 . On the sixth occasion , she held the ranking for 186 consecutive weeks , tying the record set by Steffi Graf for the most consecutive weeks as world No . 1 by a female tennis player . In total , she has been world No . 1 for 319 weeks , which ranks her third in the Open Era among female tennis players . Some commentators , players and sports writers regard her as the greatest female tennis player of all time .
VIRM trains , full name Verlengd InterRegio Materieel ( "Lengthened interregional rolling stock" ) , are a series of electric multiple unit ( EMU ) double-deck trains operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen or NS ( "Dutch Railways" ) , the principal railway operator in the Netherlands . NS has 178 of these double-deckers – 98 four-carriage sets , and 80 six-carriage sets . The trains were built between 1994 and 2009 – for the most part by Talbot , part of Bombardier Inc. , with some railcars built by De Dietrich . Bombardier Inc. ( ] ) is a multinational aerospace and transportation company based in Montreal , Quebec , Canada . Starting as a maker of snow machines or snowmobiles , over the years it has grown into a large manufacturer of regional airliners , business jets , mass transportation equipment , and recreational equipment , and a provider of financial services .
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( ; Russian : Пётр Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 25 April/7 May 1840 – 25 October/6 November 1893 ) , often anglicized as Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky , was a Russian composer of the romantic period , some of whose works are among the most popular music in the classical repertoire . He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally , bolstered by his appearances as a guest conductor in Europe and the United States . Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884 , by Emperor Alexander III , and awarded a lifetime pension . Mavra is a one-act opera buffa composed by Igor Stravinsky , and one of the earliest works of Stravinsky 's 'neo-classical ' period . The libretto of the opera , by Boris Kochno , is based on Alexander Pushkin 's "The Little House in Kolomna" . Mavra is about 25 minutes long , and features two arias , a duet , and a quartet performed by its cast of four characters . The opera has been characterised as both an homage to Russian writers , and a satire of bourgeois manners and the "Romeo and Juliet" subgenre of romance . Philip Truman has also described the music as satirising 19th-century comic opera . The dedication on the score is to the memory of Pushkin , Glinka and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
1989 is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift released on October 27 , 2014 , through Big Machine Records . Swift began composing the album following release of previous studio effort , "Red" ( 2012 ) . Over the course of the two-year songwriting period , she collaborated with producers Max Martin and Shellback—Martin served as the album 's executive producer alongside Swift . The album 's title was named after the singer 's birth year and inspired by the pop music of the 1980s . Karl Johan Schuster ( ] ; born 1 February 1985 ) , known professionally as Shellback , is a Swedish songwriter , record producer , and musician . Shellback was listed as the No . 1 producer of 2012 on "Billboard" magazine 's year end chart , and he also topped the list of their "Top 10 Songwriters Airplay Chart" the same year ; he has won four Grammy Awards .
The 1959 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1959 college football season . The September 26th contest against the # 13 Naval Academy marked the inaugural game in the brand new Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium , which replaced Thompson Stadium as the location for all of Navy 's future home games . William & Mary would go on to lose the game , 2–29 . Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium is an open-air stadium located on the campus of the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland . Opened in 1959 , it serves as the home stadium of the Navy Midshipmen college football and lacrosse , and the professional Chesapeake Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse . The stadium is also the host of the Military Bowl .
Once is a 2007 Irish romantic musical film written and directed by John Carney . The film stars Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová as two struggling musicians in Dublin , Ireland . Hansard and Irglová had previously performed music as the Swell Season , and composed and performed the film 's original songs . Once is a musical based on the 2007 film of the same name by John Carney . Like the film , music and lyrics were by Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová , including the Academy Award-winning "Falling Slowly" . The book for the musical was written by Enda Walsh . The musical premiered at the New York Theatre Workshop in 2011 , before transferring to Broadway in 2012 . The production received eleven 2012 Tony Award nominations , and won eight including Best Musical , Best Actor and Best Book . The musical also won the 2012 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Musical and the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album . It has since spawned a London production , with a North American Tour which started on 1 October 2013 .
Claudio Javier López ( ] , born 17 July 1974 ) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward . Valencia CF had a successful season , finishing in the top four of La Liga and thus qualifying for the UEFA Champions League for the first time in almost 30 years , thanks to the extension of the competition to include more teams from the top leagues . Valencia also won the Copa del Rey , ending a long trophy drought and marking a successful end to Italian coach Claudio Ranieri 's first spell at the club . Among the main players behind the success included Gaizka Mendieta , Javier Farinós and lethal striker Claudio López .
James Wilson Jeffcoat , Jr. ( born April 1 , 1961 ) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Buffalo Bills . He currently is an assistant football coach at the University of Colorado . He played college football at Arizona State University . The University of Colorado Boulder ( commonly referred to as CU or Colorado ) is a public research university located in Boulder , Colorado , United States . It is the flagship university of the University of Colorado system and was founded five months before Colorado was admitted to the Union in 1876 .
Fort Lee is a borough at the eastern border of Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , in the New York City Metropolitan Area , situated atop the Hudson Palisades . As of the 2010 United States Census , the borough 's population was 35,345 , reflecting a decline of 116 ( −0.3 % ) from the 35,461 counted in the 2000 Census , which had in turn increased by 3,464 ( +10.8 % ) from the 31,997 counted in the 1990 Census . The borough is the western terminus of the George Washington Bridge and is located across the Hudson River from the Manhattan borough of New York City . Named for the site of an early American Revolutionary War military encampment , it later became the birthplace of the American film industry . The Soul of Buddha is a 1918 American silent romance film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara , who also wrote the film 's story . The film was produced by Fox Film Corporation and shot at the Fox Studio in Fort Lee , New Jersey .
James Stanley Brakhage ( ; January 14 , 1933 – March 9 , 2003 ) , better known as Stan Brakhage , was an American non-narrative filmmaker . He is considered to be one of the most important figures in 20th-century experimental film . Alfred L. Werker ( December 2 , 1896 – July 28 , 1975 ) was a film director whose work in movies spanned from 1917 through 1957 . After a number of film production jobs and assistant directing , Werker co-directed his first film , "Ridin ' the Wind" in 1925 alongside director Del Andrews . He was brought in by Fox Film Corporation executives to re-shoot and re-edit Erich von Stroheim 's film "Hello , Sister ! "( 1933 ) , co-starring Boots Mallory and ZaSu Pitts .
Woody Rock ( born James Green on September 10 , 1976 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is an African-American singer , dancer , and musician best known as a former member of the multi-platinum R & B act Dru Hill , a group for which he has written and sung lead on songs such as "5 Steps" , "April Showers" , and "Angel" . He has also recorded his own solo gospel album , "Soul Music" , for Kirk Franklin 's Gospocentric Records . His nickname was derived from his father saying he resembled the Woody Woodpecker cartoon character . Dru Hill is an American singing group , most popular during the late 1990s , whose repertoire included soul , hip hop soul and gospel music . Founded in Baltimore , Maryland , and active since 1992 , Dru Hill recorded seven Top 40 hits , and is best known for the R & B # 1 hits "In My Bed" , "Never Make a Promise" , and "How Deep Is Your Love" . The group consist of lead singer Mark "Sisqó" Andrews ( who went on to have a very successful solo career ) , Tamir "Nokio" Ruffin and , Larry "Jazz" Anthony , and James "Woody Rock" Green .
Anthony Ray Lynn ( born December 21 , 1968 ) is a former American football running back and current head coach for the Los Angeles Chargers of the NFL . Lynn began his professional coaching career with the Denver Broncos in 2000 as a special teams assistant , then the offensive coordinator for the Buffalo Bills before becoming the Chargers head coach in 2017 . The 2017 Los Angeles Chargers season is the franchise 's 48th season in the National Football League ( NFL ) , the 58th overall and the first under head coach Anthony Lynn . It will also be the Chargers ' first season in Los Angeles since their inaugural 1960 season , when they were in the AFL , as the team exercised its option to move to the city and join the Los Angeles Rams on January 12 , 2017 . The 2017 season will be the first of three seasons played at StubHub Center prior to the new stadium being completed .
Thermoception or thermoreception is the sense by which an organism perceives temperatures . The details of how temperature receptors work are still being investigated . Ciliopathy is associated with decreased ability to sense heat , thus cilia may aid in the process . Transient receptor potential channels ( TRP channels ) are believed to play a role in many species in sensation of hot , cold , and pain . Mammals have at least two types of sensor : those that detect heat ( i.e. , temperatures above body temperature ) and those that detect cold ( i.e . temperatures below body temperature ) . Mammals are any vertebrates within the class Mammalia ( from Latin "mamma" "breast" ) , a clade of endothermic amniotes distinguished from reptiles ( including birds ) by the possession of a neocortex ( a region of the brain ) , hair , three middle ear bones , and mammary glands . Females of all mammal species nurse their young with milk , secreted from the mammary glands .
The Murder Man is a 1935 American crime-drama film starring Spencer Tracy , Virginia Bruce , and Lionel Atwill , and directed by Tim Whelan . The picture was Tracy 's first film in what would be a twenty-year career with MGM . Tracy plays an investigative reporter who specializes in murder cases . The film is notable as the feature film debut of James Stewart ( who had previously appeared in a Shemp Howard comedy short called "Art Trouble" ) . Stewart has sixth billing as a reporter named Shorty . James Maitland "Jimmy" Stewart ( May 20 , 1908July 2 , 1997 ) was an American actor and military officer who is among the most honored and popular stars in film history . A major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player , Stewart was known for his distinctive drawl and down-to-earth persona , which helped him often portray American middle-class men struggling in crisis . Many of the films he starred in have become enduring classics .
Home Free is an American sitcom starring Matthew Perry , Marian Mercer and Diana Canova that aired on ABC from March 31 , 1993 to July 2 , 1993 . The series was created by Tim O'Donnell and Richard Gurman . Marian Ethel Mercer ( November 26 , 1935 – April 27 , 2011 ) was an American actress and singer .
Marco Fu Ka-chun , MH , JP ( , born 8 January 1978 in Hong Kong ) is a professional snooker player from Hong Kong . He won the 2007 Grand Prix , beating Ronnie O'Sullivan in the final , and was the runner-up in the 2008 UK Championship and the 2011 Masters . He also won the 2013 Australian Goldfields Open and the 2016 Scottish Open and was runner-up in the 2013 German Masters and 2013 International Championship . In addition , Fu reached the semi-finals of the World Championship twice – in 2006 and in 2016 . Fu 's career high world ranking is fifth , achieved in 2017 . As a prolific break-builder , Fu has compiled more than 450 century breaks in professional competition , including four maximum 147 breaks . He currently resides in London . The Thailand Masters was a professional snooker tournament . Previously known as Asian Open and Thailand Open , it was a ranking tournament from 1989/90 to 2001/02 . An event called the "Thailand Masters" also formed part of the "World Series" in 1991/92 , with Steve Davis beating Stephen Hendry 6–3 . The final champion was Marco Fu .
Mark John Geragos ( born October 5 , 1957 ) is an Armenian-American criminal defense lawyer . Clients that he has represented include Michael Jackson , actress Winona Ryder , politician Gary Condit , Susan McDougal , and Scott Peterson . He was also involved in the Whitewater controversy . Geragos represented suspended NASCAR driver Jeremy Mayfield ; Paul and Kulbir Dhaliwal , two brothers injured after a tiger escaped in San Francisco Zoo ; and musician Chris Brown , who pleaded guilty in the assault of his then girlfriend Rihanna . In addition , he assisted the family of David Carradine in the aftermath of his accidental auto-erotic death . He is considered a "celebrity lawyer" . Robyn Rihanna Fenty ( ; February 20 , 1988 ) is a Barbadian singer , songwriter , and actress . Born in Saint Michael , Barbados and raised in Bridgetown , during 2003 she recorded demo tapes under the direction of record producer Evan Rogers and signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings after auditioning for its then-president , hip hop producer and rapper Jay Z . In 2005 , Rihanna rose to fame with the release of her debut studio album "Music of the Sun" and its follow-up "A Girl like Me" ( 2006 ) , which charted on the top 10 of the US "Billboard" 200 and respectively produced the singles "Pon de Replay" and "SOS" .
Beauty and the Breast ( ) is a 2002 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Raymond Yip , and starring Francis Ng , Michelle Reis and Daniel Wu . Michelle Monique Reis ( born 20 June 1970 ) is a Hong Kong actress of Portuguese and Shanghainese descent . She is the winner of Miss Chinese International Pageant 1988 and Miss Hong Kong 1988 Beauty pageants .
SS "General von Steuben was a German passenger liner and later an armed transport in the Kriegsmarine of Nazi Germany that was sunk during World War II . She was launched as München ( sometimes spelled Muenchen ) , renamed in 1930 as General von Steuben ( after the famous German officer of the American Revolutionary War ) , and renamed again in 1938 as Steuben" . Friedrich Wilhelm August Heinrich Ferdinand Steuben ( born Friedrich Wilhelm Ludolf Gerhard Augustin von Steuben ; September 17 , 1730 – November 28 , 1794 ) , also referred to as the Baron von Steuben , was a Prussian and later an American military officer . He served as inspector general and major general of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War . He is credited with being one of the fathers of the Continental Army in teaching them the essentials of military drills , tactics , and disciplines . He wrote "Regulations for the Order and Discipline of the Troops of the United States" , the book that served as standard United States drill manual until the American Civil War . He served as General George Washington 's chief of staff in the final years of the war .
The Greek alphabet has been used to write the Greek language since the late 9th century BC or early 8th century BC . It was derived from the earlier Phoenician alphabet , and was the first alphabetic script to have distinct letters for vowels as well as consonants . It is the ancestor of the Latin and Cyrillic scripts . Apart from its use in writing the Greek language , in both its ancient and its modern forms , the Greek alphabet today also serves as a source of technical symbols and labels in many domains of mathematics , science and other fields . Ilysiakos B.C . ( Greek : Ηλυσιακός Κ.Α.Ε . ) is a Greek professional basketball team that is located in the Ilisia neighborhood of Zografou , Athens , Greece . The club 's name is said to be a reference to Elysium , which is why the club 's name and logo beings with a Greek alphabet Η , instead of an Ι , even though the name of Ilissia , where the club is based , begins with an Ι in Greek . However , when the name is translated into the English alphabet , the H becomes an I .
This Mortal Coil was a music collective led by Ivo Watts-Russell , founder of the British record label 4AD . Although Watts-Russell and John Fryer were technically the only two official members , the band 's recorded output featured a large rotating cast of supporting artists , many of whom were otherwise associated with 4AD , including members of Cocteau Twins , Colourbox , and Dead Can Dance . The project became known for its gothic , dream pop sound , and released three full albums beginning in 1984 with "It 'll End in Tears" . Awolnation is an American alternative rock band , formed and fronted by Aaron Bruno , formerly of Under the Influence of Giants , Home Town Hero , and Insurgence . The band is signed to Red Bull Records , and their first EP , "Back from Earth" , was released on iTunes on May 18 , 2010 . They released their first studio album , "Megalithic Symphony" , on March 15 , 2011 ; it featured their most notable hit , "Sail" , which peaked at # 17 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 , # 4 on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart , and # 5 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart . The song has been certified 6× platinum by the RIAA and has sold 5,500,000 copies in the United States . As of February 29 , 2016 , the album has been certified platinum .
The Back-to-Africa movement , also known as the Colonization movement or Black Zionism , originated in the United States in the 19th century . It encouraged those of African descent to return to the African homelands of their ancestors . This movement would eventually inspire other movements ranging from the Nation of Islam to the Rastafari movement , and proved to be popular among African-Americans . The Black Star Line ( 1919−1922 ) was a shipping line incorporated by Marcus Garvey , the organizer of the Universal Negro Improvement Association ( UNIA ) , and other members of the UNIA . The shipping line was created to facilitate the transportation of goods and eventually African Americans throughout the African global economy . It derived its name from the White Star Line , a line whose success Garvey felt he could duplicate . Black Star Line became a key part of Garvey 's contribution to the Back-to-Africa movement . It was one among many businesses which the UNIA originated , such as the Universal Printing House , Negro Factories Corporation , and the widely distributed and highly successful "Negro World" weekly newspaper .
Point coloration refers to animal coat coloration with a pale body and relatively darker extremities , i.e . the face , ears , feet , tail , and ( in males ) scrotum . It is most recognized as the coloration of Siamese and related breeds of cat , but can be found in rabbits , rats , sheep , and horses as well . Colorpoint Shorthairs are a variety of domestic cat . Depending on the cat registry , they may be considered a separate breed of cat , or more often a variant of a pre-existing one , if accepted at all . These cats are distinguished by their conformance to wide range of sixteen different point colors , beyond the four standard Siamese colors . The variety was initially created by crossbreeding Siamese with the American Shorthair – the same mixture that created the Oriental Shorthair , but with different goals . The Colorpoint Shorthair shares the point-coloration pattern with the Siamese , but in the nontraditional colors of red , cream , tortoiseshell , and lynx ( tabby ) points , and minor variations thereof . In body style , head shape , and other features , it may be intermediate between the two foundation breeds , which show cats leaning toward Siamese traits . Those who favour the Traditional Siamese look may also favour the more moderate-typed Colourpoint Shorthairs that take after their American Shorthair ancestors in shape .
Victor Heerman ( August 27 , 1893 – November 3 , 1977 ) was an English-American screenwriter , film director , and film producer . After writing and directing short comedies for Mack Sennett , Heerman teamed with his wife Sarah Y. Mason to win the Academy Award for best screenplay adaptation of Louisa May Alcott 's novel "Little Women" in 1933 . He directed the Marx Brothers ' second film , "Animal Crackers" , in 1930 . Lloyd Corrigan ( October 16 , 1900 – November 5 , 1969 ) was an American film and television actor , producer , screenwriter , and director who began working in films in the 1920s . The son of actress Lillian Elliott , Corrigan directed films , usually mysteries such as "Daughter of the Dragon" starring Anna May Wong ( one of a trilogy of Fu Manchu movies for which he has writing credits ) , before dedicating himself more to acting in 1938 . His short "La Cucaracha" won an Academy Award in 1935 .
Robert "Bobby" Noble ( 25 May 1949 – May 2005 ) , born in Gosforth , Newcastle upon Tyne , was an English professional footballer . He started his career as a central defender for Newcastle United ( although he made no senior appearances ) , going on loan to Barrow before moving on to Bury , then returned to Barrow on a permanent deal . This was followed by moves to Colchester United , Southport and Darlington . Noble then moved to Australia , playing for Western Suburbs in New South Wales and Inter Monaro . Bury Football Club is a professional association football club based in Bury , Greater Manchester , England . The team compete in League One , the third tier of the English football league system .
Collective Soul is an American rock band originally from Stockbridge , Georgia . Now based in Atlanta , the group consists of lead vocalist Ed Roland , rhythm guitarist Dean Roland , bassist Will Turpin , drummer Johnny Rabb and lead guitarist Jesse Triplett . Superdrag was an American alternative rock band from Knoxville , Tennessee , United States . The band had a hit with its 1996 single "Sucked Out" off their album "Regretfully Yours" , for which a video clip was broadcast regularly on MTV . The original lineup reunited in 2007 , releasing their last album in 2009 .
Fiapre is a town in Sunyani West District in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana . Fiapre is very close to the regional capital town of the Brong-Ahafo Region , Sunyani . Notre Dame High School is an all female second cycle institution in Fiapre in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana .
Lady Antebellum is an American country music group formed in Nashville , Tennessee in 2006 . The group is composed of Hillary Scott ( lead and background vocals ) , Charles Kelley ( lead and background vocals , guitar ) , and Dave Haywood ( background vocals , guitar , piano , mandolin ) . Scott is the daughter of country music singer Linda Davis , and Kelley is the brother of pop singer Josh Kelley . Candy Coburn is an American national performing country music artist who has shared the stage with many notable artists , including Brooks and Dunn , Kellie Pickler , Montgomery Gentry , Blake Shelton , Miranda Lambert , Gary Allan , Josh Turner , Lady Antebellum and others . Scheduled to release her third album in 2010 , Candy 's most notable contribution to music so far has been her song , "Pink Warrior ."
Colleen Planeta ( born September 3 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player . She currently plays for the Adelaide Lightning in the WNBL . The Adelaide Lightning are an Australian professional women 's basketball team competing in the Women 's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) . The club is based in the city of Adelaide , South Australia . The club was formed in 1993 and they play in the 8,000-seat Titanium Security Arena .
Hauppauge Union Free School District is a school district based in Hauppauge , New York . It is near the Commack School District and Half Hollow Hills Central School District , as well as the Syosset Central School District and Jericho Union Free School District in Nassau County Jericho Union Free School District ( or Jericho UFSD ) is an American School district in Jericho , New York . It began in 1959 with the completion of Jericho High School . The district contains three elementary schools , one middle school and one high school . The current Superintendent of Schools is Henry L. Grishman .
Dawn of the Dead is a 2004 American horror film directed by Zack Snyder in his feature film directorial debut . A remake of George A. Romero 's 1978 film of the same name , it was written by James Gunn and stars Sarah Polley , Ving Rhames , Jake Weber , and Mekhi Phifer . R. D. Reid is a Canadian actor known for his portrayal of Sergeant Purley Stebbins in the A & E TV original series , "A Nero Wolfe Mystery" ( 2001–2002 ) , and the series pilot , "" ( 2000 ) . He appeared in Zack Snyder 's "Dawn of the Dead" , and George A. Romero 's "Diary of the Dead" . His other film appearances include "Capote" ( 2005 ) "Half Baked" ( 1998 ) , "Lars and the Real Girl" ( 2007 ) . He also starred in the indie horror film "Silent But Deadly" .
The Darling River is the third longest river in Australia , measuring 1472 km from its source in northern New South Wales to its confluence with the Murray River at Wentworth , New South Wales . Including its longest contiguous tributaries it is 2844 km long , making it the longest river system in Australia . Frenchmans Creek is a short tributary of the Darling River in west New South Wales , measuring 7.51 km from its source south of Pooncarie , New South Wales at an elevation of 54.4 m to its confluence into the Darling River at an elevation of 48 m .
Hustle & Flow is a 2005 American independent drama film written and directed by Craig Brewer and produced by John Singleton and Stephanie Allain . It was released on July 22 , 2005 . Terrence Howard stars as a Memphis hustler and pimp who faces his aspiration to become a rapper . The film is dedicated to Sun Records founder Sam Phillips . Beneath is a straight-to-DVD thriller-horror film co-produced in a first time partnership between Paramount Classics ( a Viacom subsidiary ) and MTV Films ( although both co-purchased the rights to "Hustle & Flow" in 2005 ) . The film is directed by the newcomer Dagen Merrill , who co-wrote the script with Kevin Burke , and the list of producers include Sean Covel and Chris Wyatt ( "Napoleon Dynamite" , "Think Tank" ) , as well as Troy Craig Poon . In Paramount Classics 's first horror movie , which marks the company 's expansion from acquisitions into the production arena , the cast includes Nora Zehetner ( "Brick" , "May" , "R.S.V.P . ", "Everwood" ) and Matthew Settle ( "U-571" , "Band of Brothers" ) . Shooting started 2005 in Vancouver , the film was released on DVD August 7 , 2007 . It was the first direct-to-video title produced by MTV Films .
Frederick William Herschel , ( German : "Friedrich Wilhelm Herschel" ; 15 November 1738 – 25 August 1822 ) was a British astronomer and composer of German and Czech-Jewish origin , and brother of fellow astronomer Caroline Herschel , with whom he worked . Born in the Electorate of Hanover , Herschel followed his father into the Military Band of Hanover , before migrating to Great Britain in 1757 at the age of nineteen . NGC 3610 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major . It was discovered on 8 April 1793 by William Herschel .
Portal is a puzzle-platform video game developed and published by Valve Corporation . It was released in a bundle package called "The Orange Box" for Microsoft Windows , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in 2007 . The game has since been ported to other systems , including OS X , Linux , and Android . Gateways is a 2012 action-adventure platform game created by British indie studio Smudged Cat Games . It is a mixture of gameplay concepts from the "Portal" and "Metroid" series .
Isabella II ( 121225 April 1228 ) also known as Yolande of Brienne , was a princess of French origin who became monarch of Jerusalem . Conrad ( 25 April 1228 – 21 May 1254 ) , a member of the Hohenstaufen dynasty , was the only son of Emperor Frederick II from his second marriage with Queen Isabella II of Jerusalem . He inherited the title of a King of Jerusalem ( as Conrad II ) upon the death of his mother in childbed . Appointed Duke of Swabia in 1235 , his father had him elected King of Germany ( King of the Romans ) and crowned King of Italy ( as Conrad IV ) in 1237 . After the emperor was deposed and died in 1250 , he ruled as King of Sicily ( Conrad I ) until his death .
King is a 1978 American television miniseries based on the life of Martin Luther King Jr. , the American civil rights leader and 1964 Nobel laureate . It aired for three consecutive nights on NBC from February 12 through 14 , 1978 . The miniseries earned nine Emmy Award nominations , including nominations for actors Paul Winfield , Cicely Tyson and Ossie Davis . Several real-life figures from the Civil Rights Movement had minor roles in the production , including then-Atlanta mayor Maynard Jackson , King 's sister Christine King Farris , his niece Alveda King , and his four children : Yolanda , Martin III , Dexter and Bernice . Donzaleigh Abernathy , Tony Bennett , Julian Bond and Ramsey Clark each portrayed themselves . Martin Luther King III ( born October 23 , 1957 ) is an American human rights advocate and community activist . He is the oldest son and oldest living child of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King .
Papa Murphy 's , a business based in Vancouver , Washington , United States , is a take-and-bake pizza company . It began in 1995 as the merger of two take-and-bake pizza companies : Papa Aldo 's Pizza ( founded in 1981 ) and Murphy 's Pizza ( founded in 1981 ) . The company and its franchisees operate more than 1,300 outlets in the United States and Canada . Papa Murphy 's is the fifth-largest pizza chain in the United States . Gino 's Pizza and Spaghetti is a restaurant chain with 40 locations , most of them within the U.S. state of West Virginia . The company was founded by Kenney Grant in 1961 . Many locations are shared with Tudor 's Biscuit World although the Gino 's brand is exclusive to West Virginia . There is one located in Ohio , while there are stand alone Tudor 's locations in eastern Kentucky , southern Ohio and southwest Virginia . Gino 's serves pizza , spaghetti , sandwiches , and more . Company headquarters are located in Huntington , West Virginia and Nitro , West Virginia .
Erving Goffman ( 11 June 1922 – 19 November 1982 ) was a Canadian-American sociologist and writer , considered by some "the most influential American sociologist of the twentieth century" . In 2007 he was listed by "The Times Higher Education Guide" as the sixth most-cited author in the humanities and social sciences , behind Anthony Giddens , Pierre Bourdieu and Michel Foucault , and ahead of Jürgen Habermas . Paul-Michel Foucault ( 15 October 1926 – 25 June 1984 ) , generally known as Michel Foucault ( ] ) , was a French philosopher , historian of ideas , social theorist , and literary critic .
John Bright Russell ( January 23 , 1940 – July 3 , 2001 ) was an American country singer , songwriter , and comedian best known for his song "Act Naturally" , which was made famous by Buck Owens , who recorded it in 1963 , and The Beatles in 1965 . His songs have been recorded by Burl Ives , Jim Reeves , Jerry Garcia , Dolly Parton , Emmylou Harris , and Linda Ronstadt . "Act Naturally" is a song written by Johnny Russell and Voni Morrison , originally recorded by Buck Owens and the Buckaroos , whose version reached number 1 on the "Billboard" Country Singles chart in 1963 , his first chart-topper . In 2002 , Shelly Fabian of About.com ranked the song number 169 on her list of the Top 500 Country Music Songs .
George Molnar ( 1910–1998 ) was born in Nagyvárad , Austria-Hungary but came to Australia in the late 1930s , where he practiced as a cartoonist . His work featured in the "Sydney Morning Herald" and "Daily Telegraph" newspapers for many years . Austria-Hungary , often referred to as the Austro-Hungarian Empire or the Dual Monarchy in English-language sources , was a constitutional union of the Austrian Empire ( the Kingdoms and Lands Represented in the Imperial Council , or "Cisleithania" ) and the Kingdom of Hungary ( Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen or "Transleithania" ) that existed from 1867 to 1918 , when it collapsed as a result of defeat in World War I . The union was a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 and came into existence on 30 March 1867 . Austria-Hungary consisted of two monarchies ( Austria and Hungary ) , and one autonomous region : the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia under the Hungarian crown , which negotiated the Croatian–Hungarian Settlement ( "Nagodba" ) in 1868 . It was ruled by the House of Habsburg , and constituted the last phase in the constitutional evolution of the Habsburg Monarchy . Following the 1867 reforms , the Austrian and the Hungarian states were co-equal . Foreign affairs and the military came under joint oversight , but all other governmental faculties were divided between respective states .
Ammi is a genus of 3 to 6 species of plants in the Apiaceae family . They are native to southern Europe , northern Africa and Southwest Asia . "Ammi spp ." ( Bishops weed ) is prohibited by the Australian New Zealand Food Standards code under standard 1.4.4 due to active constituents : Lycoris is a genus of 13–20 species of flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae . They are native to eastern and southern Asia in China , Japan , southern Korea , northern Vietnam , northern Laos , northern Thailand , northern Burma , Nepal , northern Pakistan , Afghanistan , and eastern Iran . They were imported into North Carolina and now grow wild . In English they are also called hurricane lilies or cluster amaryllis . The genus shares the English name spider lily with two other related genera .
The Battle of Hong Kong ( 8–25 December 1941 ) , also known as the Defence of Hong Kong and the Fall of Hong Kong , was one of the first battles of the Pacific War in World War II . On the same morning as the attack on Pearl Harbor , forces of the Empire of Japan attacked the British Crown colony of Hong Kong . The attack was in violation of international law as Japan had not declared war against the British Empire . The Japanese attack was met with stiff resistance from the Hong Kong garrison , composed of local troops as well as British , Canadian and Indian units . Within a week the defenders abandoned the mainland and less than two weeks later , with their position on the island untenable , the colony surrendered . The Gin Drinkers Line ( ) or Gin Drinkers ' Line was a British military defensive line against the Japanese invasion of Hong Kong during the Battle of Hong Kong in December 1941 , part of the Pacific War .
Orange Is the New Black ( sometimes abbreviated to OITNB ) is an American comedy-drama web television series created by Jenji Kohan for Netflix . The series is based on Piper Kerman 's memoir , "" ( 2010 ) , about her experiences at FCI Danbury , a minimum-security federal prison . "Orange Is the New Black" premiered on July 11 , 2013 on the streaming service Netflix . In February 2016 , the series was renewed for a fifth , sixth , and seventh season . The fifth season was released on June 9 , 2017 . The series is produced by Tilted Productions in association with Lionsgate Television . Annie Golden ( born October 19 , 1951 ) is an American actress and singer . She is best known for portraying mute Norma Romano in Orange Is the New Black since 2013 .
The Battle of Wake Island began simultaneously with the attack on Pearl Harbor naval/air bases in Hawaii and ended on 23rd December 1941 , with the surrender of the American forces to the Empire of Japan . It was fought on and around the atoll formed by Wake Island and its minor islets of Peale and Wilkes Islands by the air , land , and naval forces of the Japanese Empire against those of the United States , with Marines playing a prominent role on both sides . The Japanese destroyer "Oite" ( 追風 , "Tail Wind" ) was one of nine "Kamikaze" -class destroyers built for the Imperial Japanese Navy during the 1920s . During the Pacific War , she participated in the Battle of Wake Island in December 1941 and the occupations of New Guinea and the Solomon Islands in early 1942 .
Daniel Simon Mills , FRCVS ( born 21 Aug 1966 ) is an English biologist and the UK 's first Professor of Veterinary Behavioural Medicine based at the University of Lincoln , United Kingdom . He attended St Edmund 's College , Ware before studying at the University of Bristol where he received his BVSc degree and completed his Ph.D. degree in animal behaviour from De Montfort University . After some time spent in general practice , he became a Lecturer , Senior Lecturer and Principal Lecturer in animal behaviour at De Montfort University , and subsequently the University of Lincoln , where he has been Head of the Department of Biological Sciences . His research has focused on the assessment of emotion in companion animals and the use of semiochemicals to manage their problem behaviour ( pheromonatherapy ) . A Doctor of Philosophy ( PhD , Ph.D. , or DPhil ; Latin "Philosophiae Doctor ") is the highest academic degree awarded by universities in most countries . Ph.D.s are awarded for programs across the whole breadth of academic fields . The completion of a Ph.D. is often a requirement for employment as a university professor , researcher , or scientist in many fields . Individuals who have earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree may , in most jurisdictions , use the title of "Doctor" ( often abbreviated "Dr" ) or , in non-English speaking countries , variants such as "Dr . phil ." with their name , and may use post-nominal letters such as "Ph.D." , "PhD" or "DPhil" ( depending on the awarding institute ) .
Samuel Holloway Bowers ( August 25 , 1924 – November 5 , 2006 ) , Former Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard , was a convicted murderer and leading white supremacist activist in Mississippi during the Civil Rights Movement . In response to this movement , he co-founded a reactionary organization , the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan . Bowers committed two notorious murders of civil rights activists in southern Mississippi : The 1964 murders of Chaney , Goodman , and Schwerner near Philadelphia , for which he served six years in federal prison ; and the 1966 murder of Vernon Dahmer in Hattiesburg , for which he was sentenced to life in prison 32 years after the crime . He also was accused of bombings of Jewish targets in the cities of Jackson and Meridian in 1967 and 1968 ( according to the man who was convicted of some of the bombings , Thomas A. Tarrants III ) . He died in prison at the age of 82 . The White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are considered the most militant as well as the most violent chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in history . They originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers , its first Grand Wizard . The White Knights of Mississippi were formed in 1964 , and they included roughly 200 members of the Original Knights of Louisiana . The White Knights were not interested in holding public demonstrations or in letting any information about themselves get out to the masses . Similar to the United Klans of America ( UKA ) , the White Knights of Mississippi were very secretive about their group . Within a year , their membership was up to around six thousand , and they had Klaverns in over half of the counties in Mississippi . But by 1967 , the number of active members had shrunk to around four hundred .
The National Archives and Library of Ethiopia , located in Addis Ababa , is the national library and archives of the country . The library was inaugurated in 1944 by Emperor Haile Selassie and began service with books donated by the emperor . Addis Ababa ( Amharic : አዲስ አበባ "Addis Abäba "] , "new flower" ; Oromo : "Finfinne" , ] "Natural Spring ( s )" ) or Addis Abeba ( the spelling used by the official Ethiopian Mapping Authority ) , is the capital and largest city of Ethiopia . It has a population of 3,384,569 according to the 2007 population census , with annual growth rate of 3.8 % . This number has been increased from the originally published 2,738,248 figure and appears to be still largely underestimated .
Liu Ailing ( ; born June 2 , 1967 ) is a Chinese former footballer who played for the China national team at the 1991 , 1995 and 1999 editions of the FIFA Women 's World Cup . She won a silver medal at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics and participated at the 2000 Sydney Olympics . A playmaking midfielder , she played professional club football in Japan and the United States . The FIFA Women 's World Cup is an international football competition contested by the senior women 's national teams of the members of "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body . The competition has been held every four years since 1991 , when the inaugural tournament , then called the Women 's World Championship , was held in China .
British people , or Britons , are the citizens of the United Kingdom , British Overseas Territories , and Crown dependencies . British nationality law governs modern British citizenship and nationality , which can be acquired , for instance , by descent from British nationals . When used in a historical context , "British" or "Britons" can refer to the Celtic Britons , the indigenous inhabitants of Great Britain and Brittany , whose surviving members are the modern Welsh people , Cornish people and Bretons . Sir Matthew Alistair Grant { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 6 March 1937 – 21 January 2001 ) was a British businessman .
Sinbad the Sailor ( Arabic : ٱلسِّنْدِبَادُ ٱلْبَحرِيّ‎ ‎ "as-Sindibādu al-Baḥriyy" ) also spelled Sindbad , is a fictional sailor and the hero of a story-cycle of Middle Eastern origin ; he is described as living in Baghdad , during the Abbasid Caliphate . During his voyages throughout the seas east of Africa and south of Asia , he has fantastic adventures going to magical places , meeting monsters , and encountering supernatural phenomena . The Last Voyage of Somebody the Sailor is a novel by American writer John Barth , published in 1991 . It is a postmodern metafictional story of a man who jumps overboard a modern replica of a medieval Arab ship and is rescued by sailors from the world of Sinbad the Sailor . Eventually he makes his way to "Baghdad , the City of Peace" , and finds himself in the stories of Sindbad and Scheherazade . The novel makes use of a challenging double-stranded narrative and a rich prose style .
Matthew Butturini ( born 7 August 1987 in Murwillumbah ) is an Australian field hockey player . He is a member of the Australia men 's national field hockey team . He won a gold medal at the 2010 Men 's Hockey World Cup and a gold medal at the 2011 Men 's Hockey Champions Trophy . He was part of the bronze medal winning Australian team at the 2012 Summer Olympics . Murwillumbah is a town in far north-eastern New South Wales , Australia , in the Tweed Shire , on the Tweed River , 848 km north-east of Sydney , 13 km south of the Queensland border and 132 km south of Brisbane . At the 2011 census , Murwillumbah had a population of 8,523 people . The town 's name is often abbreviated to M'bah or Murbah .
The 2012 NBA Draft was held on June 28 , 2012 , at Prudential Center in Newark , New Jersey . The draft started at 7:00 pm Eastern Daylight Time ( 2300 UTC ) , and was broadcast in the United States on ESPN . In this draft , National Basketball Association ( NBA ) teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players , including international players . This draft marked the first time that the first two players selected were from the same school ( Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist were teammates at Kentucky ) . It also set a record of having six players from one school ( Kentucky ) being selected in the two rounds of the draft and was the first draft to have the first three selections be college freshmen all from the same conference , the Southeastern Conference . Not only that , but it also featured the oldest player to ever get selected in an NBA draft , with Bernard James being 27 years old at the time of the draft . Of the players drafted , 30 are forwards , 21 are guards , and 9 are centers . Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes ( born May 30 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels before being selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the 2012 NBA draft with the seventh overall pick . Barnes won an NBA championship with the Warriors in 2015 .
Texas Tech University , often referred to as Texas Tech , Tech , or TTU , is a public research university in Lubbock , Texas . Established on 10 , 1923 ( 1923 -- ) , and originally known as Texas Technological College , it is the flagship institution of the four-institution Texas Tech University System . The university 's student enrollment is the sixth-largest in Texas as of the Fall 2014 semester . The university shares its campus with Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center , making it the only campus in Texas to house an undergraduate university , law school , and medical school . The 1974 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the Southwest Conference during the 1974 NCAA Division I football season . In their fifth and final season under head coach Jim Carlen , the Red Raiders compiled a 6–4–2 record ( 3–4 against conference opponents ) , finished in sixth place in the conference , and outscored opponents by a combined total of 193 to 158 . The team 's statistical leaders included Tommy Duniven with 552 passing yards , Larry Isaac with 671 rushing yards , and Lawrence Williams with 477 receiving yards . The team played its home games at Clifford B . & Audrey Jones Stadium .
Khunyang Chhish or Kunyang Chhish ( Urdu : ‎ ) is the second-highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh , a subrange of the Karakoram mountains of Pakistan . Alternate variations of the name include Kunyang Kish and Khiangyang Kish , among others . Its height , also sometimes given as 7823 m , is ranked 21st in the world and 8th in Pakistan . Masherbrum ( Urdu : ‎ ; formerly known as K1 ) is located in the Ghanche District , Gilgit Baltistan of Pakistan . At 7821 m it is the 22nd highest mountain in the world and the 9th highest in Pakistan . It was the first mapped peak in the Karakoram mountain range , hence the designation "K1" .
Arthur Hiller , OC ( November 22 , 1923 – August 17 , 2016 ) was a Canadian-American television and film director , having directed over 33 films during his 50-year career . He began his career directing television in Canada and later in the U.S. By the late 1950s he began directing films , most often comedies . He also directed dramas and romantic subjects , such as "Love Story" ( 1970 ) , which was nominated for seven Oscars . Sarah Jacobson ( August 25 , 1971 , Norwalk , Connecticut – February 13 , 2004 New York City ) was an independent filmmaker who wrote , produced , and filmed her own movies .
Tunisian Victory is a 1944 Anglo-American propaganda film about the victories in the North Africa Campaign . Baseball is a 1994 American television documentary miniseries created by Ken Burns about the game of baseball . First broadcast on PBS , this was Burns ' ninth documentary and won the 1995 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Informational Series .
The Nassau Herald is a weekly newspaper serving the Five Towns communities of Nassau County – Lawrence , Woodmere , Hewlett , Cedarhurst , Inwood and Atlantic Beach . It is part of the Long Island Herald newspaper chain , which includes The Jewish Star and The Oyster Bay Guardian is owned by Richner Communications , and covers Nassau County , New York . Lawrence is a village in Nassau County , New York in the United States . As of the 2010 United States Census , the village population was 6,483 .
La Senza Corporation is a Canadian fashion retailer that sells lingerie and intimate apparel . The La Senza brand is currently owned by L Brands which operates and owns La Senza stores in Canada and uses a franchise model for the operation of stores outside Canada . L Brands Inc. ( formerly known as "Limited Brands Inc" and "The Limited Inc." ) is an American fashion retailer based in Columbus , Ohio .
The Sudan or Sudan ( , ; Arabic : السودان‎ ‎ "as-Sūdān" ) also known as North Sudan since South Sudan 's independence and officially the Republic of the Sudan ( Arabic : جمهورية السودان‎ ‎ "Jumhūriyyat as-Sūdān" ) , is a country in Northern Africa . It is bordered by Egypt to the north , the Red Sea , Eritrea and Ethiopia to the east , South Sudan to the south , the Central African Republic to the southwest , Chad to the west and Libya to the northwest . It is the third largest country in Africa . The River Nile divides the country into eastern and western halves . Before the Sudanese Civil War , South Sudan was part of Sudan , but it became independent in 2011 . Its predominant religion is Islam . Netrobalane canopus , the buff-tipped skipper , is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family . It is found in savannah in Africa , from South Africa to Kenya to Nigeria and southern Sudan .
200 West Street is the global headquarters of the Goldman Sachs investment banking firm . The building is a 749 ft , 44-story building located on West Street , between Vesey and Murray Streets in Lower Manhattan . It is adjacent to the World Financial Center and the Conrad Hotel , the Verizon Building to the east across West Street , and diagonally opposite the World Trade Center . It is the only office building in Battery Park City north of the World Financial Center . 888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft ( 191m ) tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan which was completed in 1969 and has 46 floors . Emery Roth & Sons designed the building , which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City . It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters . Previously known as the Arlen Building , its namesake being the company responsible for its construction , Arlen Realty & Development Corporation . The Red Eye Grill is located in the building at street level .
Fordham University ( ) is a private , independent research university in New York City , founded by the Catholic Diocese of New York in 1841 . It is the oldest Catholic institution of higher education in the northeastern United States , and the third-oldest university in New York . Jack J. Stephans ( born March 1 , 1939 ) is a former American football coach . He served as the head football coach at Jersey City State College—now known as New Jersey City University—from 1966 to 1973 , at William Paterson University in Wayne Township , New Jersey from 1975 to 1977 , and at Fordham University from 1979 to 1980 .
The Dundee Canal was an industrial canal in Clifton and Passaic in Passaic County , New Jersey . It was built between 1858 and 1861 and ran parallel to the Passaic River . It supplied hydropower and water for manufacturing . There was interest by some members of the business community to modify the canal to support navigational uses , but the canal was never used for that purpose . The Lake Worth Lagoon is a lagoon located in Palm Beach County , Florida . It runs parallel to the coast , and is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by barrier beaches , including Palm Beach Island . The lagoon is connected to the Atlantic Ocean by two permanent , man-made inlets .
The Chuck Berry House is the former home of Chuck Berry in St. Louis , Missouri located at 3137 Whittier Street . The house was Berry 's home when he wrote and first performed the majority of songs with which he is identified , including "Maybellene" ( 1955 ) , "Roll Over Beethoven" ( 1956 ) , "Too Much Monkey Business" ( 1956 ) , "Rock and Roll Music" ( 1957 ) , "School Day" ( 1957 ) , "Sweet Little Sixteen" ( 1958 ) , and "Johnny B. Goode" ( 1958 ) . "Rock and Roll Music" is a 1957 hit single written and recorded by rock and roll star Chuck Berry . The song has been widely covered and is recognized as one of Berry 's most popular and enduring compositions . In the fall of 1957 , his recording reached number 6 on "Billboard" magazine 's R & B Singles chart and number 8 on its Hot 100 chart .
Nippon Professional Baseball ( 日本野球機構 , Nippon Yakyū Kikō ) or NPB is the highest level of baseball in Japan . Locally , it is often called Puro Yakyū ( プロ野球 ) , meaning "Professional Baseball" . Outside Japan , it is often just referred to as "Japanese baseball" . The roots of the league can be traced back to the formation of the "Greater Japan Tokyo Baseball Club" ( 大日本東京野球倶楽部 , Dai-Nippon Tōkyō Yakyū Kurabu ) in 1934 and the original Japanese Baseball League . NPB was formed when that league reorganized in 1950 . Koichi Sekikawa ( 関川 浩一 , Sekikawa Kōichi , born April 1 , 1969 in Chōfu , Tokyo , Japan ) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball outfielder .
Caesium-137 ( Cs , Cs-137 ) , cesium-137 , or radiocaesium , is a radioactive isotope of caesium which is formed as one of the more common fission products by the nuclear fission of uranium-235 and other fissionable isotopes in nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons . It is among the most problematic of the short-to-medium-lifetime fission products because it easily moves and spreads in nature due to the high water solubility of caesium 's most common chemical compounds , which are salts . This list covers hyperaccumulators , plant species which accumulate , or are tolerant of radionuclides ( Cd , Cs-137 , Co , Pu-238 , Ra , Sr , U-234 , 235 , 238 ) , hydrocarbons and organic solvents ( Benzene , BTEX , DDT , Dieldrin , Endosulfan , Fluoranthene , MTBE , PCB , PCNB , TCE and by-products ) , and inorganic solvents ( Potassium ferrocyanide ) .
The Range Busters was a film series of 24 Westerns of the adventures of a trio of cowboys , many filmed at the Corriganville Movie Ranch , produced by George W. Weeks and distributed by Monogram Pictures . The series used "Home on the Range" as its theme song with each film featuring the heroes waving goodbye and promising to return in another adventure . "Home on the Range" is a classic western folk song sometimes called the "unofficial anthem" of the American West . The lyrics were originally written by Dr. Brewster M. Higley of Smith County , Kansas , in a poem entitled "My Western Home" in 1872 . In 1947 , it became the state song of the U.S. state of Kansas . In 2010 , members of the Western Writers of America chose it as one of the Top 100 western songs of all time .
"Crestfallen" is a track on The Smashing Pumpkins ' 1998 album , "Adore" . Originally scheduled as the third single from the album , the song was instead released as a promotional CD in the US . It received moderate play on modern rock stations but did not chart . The single 's artwork is by Yelena Yemchuk . Yelena Yemchuk ( Ukrainian : Єлена Ємчук , born April 22 , 1970 ) is a Ukrainian professional photographer , painter and film director , best known for her work with The Smashing Pumpkins .
AT & T Stadium , formerly Cowboys Stadium , is a retractable roof stadium in Arlington , Texas , United States . It serves as the home of the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League ( NFL ) and was completed on May 27 , 2009 . It is also the home of the Cotton Bowl Classic . The facility , owned by the city of Arlington , can also be used for a variety of other activities such as concerts , basketball games , college and high school football contests , soccer matches , and motocross and Spartan races . It replaced the partially covered Texas Stadium , which served as the Cowboys ' home from 1971 through the 2008 season . The 2015 Cotton Bowl Classic was a college football bowl game played on December 31 , 2015 at AT & T Stadium in Arlington , Texas . The 80th Cotton Bowl Classic was a College Football Playoff semifinal between Alabama and Michigan State with the winner to compete in the 2016 College Football Playoff National Championship . It was one of the 2015–16 bowl games that concluded the 2015 FBS football season .
In music , a single , record single or music single is a type of release , typically a song recording of fewer tracks than an LP record , an album or an EP record . This can be released for sale to the public in a variety of different formats . In most cases , a single is a song that is released separately from an album , although it usually also appears on an album . Typically , these are the songs from albums that are released separately for promotional uses such as digital download or commercial radio airplay and are expected to be the most popular . In other cases a recording released as a single may not appear on an album . The Canadian Hot 100 is a music industry record chart in Canada for singles , published weekly by "Billboard" magazine . The Canadian Hot 100 was launched on the issue dated June 16 , 2007 , and is currently the standard record chart in Canada ; a new chart is compiled and officially released to the public by "Billboard" on Tuesdays .
Caleb Joshua Shomo ( born December 1 , 1992 ) is the lead vocalist of hardcore band Beartooth , the former lead vocalist , guitarist , keyboardist , and early on backing vocalist of metalcore band Attack Attack ! , and the owner of Studio Records in Columbus , Ohio . Shomo joined Attack Attack ! as keyboardist at 14 years old while maintaining a passion for electronic music and eventually grew into record production by 18 . Brian Philip Welch ( born June 19 , 1970 ) , better known by the stage name Head , is an American musician , singer and songwriter best known as one of the guitarists and co-founder of the nu metal band Korn and his solo project Love and Death . Along with fellow Korn guitarist James "Munky" Shaffer , Welch helped develop Korn 's distinctive sound , a mix of sirenlike shards of dissonant guitar that mimicked a turntablist 's various effects and rumbling down-tuned riffing , that defined the nu metal aesthetic beginning in the mid-'90s .
Shaheed Udham Singh is a 2000 revolutionary movie based on the life of the son of Hindustani soil , Shaheed Udham Singh who spent his whole life to punish Michael O'Dwyer , the British Lieutenant Governor of the Punjab who ordered the massacre of a thousand people at Jallianwala Bagh in Amritsar . The film was screened retrospective on August 13 , 2016 at the "Independence Day Film Festival" jointly presented by the Indian Directorate of Film Festivals and Ministry of Defense , commemorating 70th Indian Independence Day . The Jallianwala Bagh massacre , also known as the Amritsar massacre , took place on 13 April , 1919 when a crowd of non-violent protesters , along with Baishakhi pilgrims , who had gathered in Jallianwala Bagh , Amritsar , Punjab , were fired upon by troops of the British Indian Army under the command of Colonel Reginald Dyer . The civilians , in the majority Sikhs , had assembled to participate in the annual Baisakhi celebrations , a religious and cultural festival for Punjabi people and also to condemn the arrest and deportation of two national leaders , Satya Pal and Dr Saifuddin Kitchlew . Coming from outside the city , they may have been unaware of the imposition of martial law .
The Expert , made by Gradiente Eletrônica ( to date best known as a game console and Hi-Fi equipment company ) was the second and last MSX home computer launched in the Brazilian market , in the mid-1980s . The LNW-80 , released in 1982 , is the first computer built by LNW Research . The computer is 100 % compatible with the Tandy TRS-80 Model 1 , but has some hardware enhancements . Most notable are the high-resolution color graphics , which could also be used for an 80×24 screen , with a special software driver ( TRS-80 is 64×16 , while 80×24 is the screen size most CP/M software needed ) . Other enhancements were high processor speed ( 4 MHz ) , color support , and optionally , CP/M support . The LNW-80 was also sold as a kit .
InStyle is a monthly women ’ s fashion magazine published in the US by Time Inc. "InStyle" was founded in 1994 . Vintage Life is a British glossy fashion and lifestyle magazine , published by Dragoon Publishing , focusing on the 1920s-1970s . It was founded in 2010 by British entrepreneur Rachel Egglestone-Evans . Issue 1 was launched digitally in April 2010 and # a print version started from issue 2 . Since then , the magazine has developed from a bi-monthly handbag-sized 72 page magazine to a glossy high-end 148 page monthly publication available in WH Smith and Sainsbury 's . From May 2015 , Vintage Life will be stocked in London 's Selfridges and Harrods stores . The magazine is also available by subscription worldwide .
George D. Maziarz ( born May 25 , 1953 ) is a Republican politician from New York State . He formerly represented the 62nd District in the New York State Senate , which includes all of Niagara County , all of Orleans County , and the towns of Sweden and Ogden in Monroe County . The Republican Party , commonly referred to as the GOP ( abbreviation for Grand Old Party ) , is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United States , the other being its historic rival , the Democratic Party . The party is named after republicanism , the dominant value during the American Revolution . Founded by anti-slavery activists , economic modernizers , ex-Whigs , and ex-Free Soilers in 1854 , the Republicans dominated politics nationally and in the majority of northern states for most of the period between 1860 and 1932 .
George Michael Cohan ( July 3 , 1878November 5 , 1942 ) , known professionally as George M. Cohan , was an American entertainer , playwright , composer , lyricist , actor , singer , dancer and producer . British Intelligence is a 1940 spy film set in World War I . It was directed by Terry O. Morse and stars Boris Karloff and Margaret Lindsay . The film , also known as "Enemy Agent" , was released in the United States in January 1940 . The Warner Bros. B picture was based on a 1918 play "Three Faces East" written by Anthony Paul Kelly and produced on the stage by George M. Cohan . Two film adaptations of "Three Faces East" in 1926 and 1930 preceded "British Intelligence" .
Lakshmibai , the Rani of Jhansi ( ; 19 November 1828 – 18 June 1858 ) , was the queen of the princely state of Jhansi in North India currently present in Jhansi district in Uttar Pradesh , India . She was one of the leading figures of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and became a symbol of resistance to the British Raj for Indian nationalists . Rani Jhansi Marine National Park is located in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal . It was founded in 1996 , and covers 256.14 km² . It commemorates Lakshmibai , the Rani of Jhansi ( 1828-58 ) .
Field Marshal Edmund Henry Hynman Allenby , 1st Viscount Allenby , ( 23 April 1861 – 14 May 1936 ) was an English soldier and British Imperial Governor . He fought in the Second Boer War and also in the First World War , in which he led the British Empire 's Egyptian Expeditionary Force ( EEF ) during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign against the Ottoman Empire in the conquest of Palestine . The Palestine Brigade of the Royal Flying Corps , and later Royal Air Force , was formed 5 October 1917 in response to General Allenby 's request for an air formation for his planned offensive against the Ottoman Empire in Palestine .
Ceratophyllum is a cosmopolitan genus of flowering plants including four accepted species in 2016 , commonly found in ponds , marshes , and quiet streams in tropical and in temperate regions . It is the only genus in the family Ceratophyllaceae , itself the only family in the order Ceratophyllales . They are usually called coontails or hornworts , although hornwort is also used for unrelated plants of the division Anthocerotophyta . Babiana Ker Gawler is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae composed of about 80 recognized species . The majority of these species are endemic to the Cape Provinces of South Africa , especially Namaqualand , as well Namibia , Botswana , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
Kristin Landen Davis ( also listed as Kristin Lee Davis ; born February 23 , 1965 ) is an American actress . She is known for playing Brooke Armstrong on the soap opera "Melrose Place" ( 1995–1996 ) , and Charlotte York Goldenblatt on HBO 's "Sex and the City" ( 1998–2004 ) . She received a 2004 Emmy Award nomination for her role as Charlotte , and reprised the role in the films , "Sex and the City" ( 2008 ) and "Sex and the City 2" ( 2010 ) . Sex and the City was an American romantic comedy television series created by Darren Star and produced by HBO . Broadcast from 1998 until 2004 , the original run of the show had a total of 94 episodes . Throughout its six-year run , the show received contributions from various producers , writers , and directors , perhaps most significantly from Michael Patrick King .
The Bodie & Benton Railway was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad in California , from the Mono Mills to a terminus in Bodie , now a ghost town , in Mono County . It was unusual among U.S. railroads in that it was completely isolated from the rest of the railroad system . Bodie ( ) is a ghost town in the Bodie Hills east of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in Mono County , California , United States , about 75 mi southeast of Lake Tahoe . It is located 12 mi east-southeast of Bridgeport , at an elevation of 8379 feet ( 2554 m ) . As Bodie Historic District , the U.S. Department of the Interior recognizes it as a National Historic Landmark .
Sir Edmund Ronald Leach ( 7 November 1910 – 6 January 1989 ) was a British social anthropologist . Alfred Antony Francis Gell , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( ; June 12 , 1945 – January 28 , 1997 ) was a British social anthropologist whose most influential work concerned art , language , symbolism and ritual . He was trained by Edmund Leach ( MPhil , Cambridge University ) and Raymond Firth ( PhD , London School of Economics ) and did his fieldwork in Melanesia and tribal India . Gell taught at the London School of Economics , among other places . He was also a Fellow of the British Academy . He died of cancer in 1997 , at the age of 51 .
Teen ( stylised as Te3n ; तीन is Hindi for "Three" ) is an Indian Hindi-language thriller film written and directed by Ribhu Dasgupta . This remake of the 2013 South Korean film "Montage" stars Amitabh Bachchan , Nawazuddin Siddiqui , Sabyasachi Chakraborty , Padmavathi Rao , and Vidya Balan in the lead roles . It was released on 10 June 2016 . Though praised for acting and storyline by critics and audience , the film was a commercial failure at the box office . Montage ( ) is a 2013 South Korean thriller film starring Uhm Jung-hwa , Kim Sang-kyung , and Song Young-chang . The movie was officially remade in Hindi as "Te3n" in 2016 .
Festuca ( fescue ) is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the grass family , Poaceae ( subfamily Pooideae ) . They are evergreen or herbaceous perennial tufted grasses with a height range of 10 - and a cosmopolitan distribution , occurring on every continent except Antarctica . The genus is closely related to ryegrass ( "Lolium" ) , and recent evidence from phylogenetic studies using DNA sequencing of plant mitochondrial DNA shows that the genus lacks monophyly . As a result , plant taxonomists have moved several species , including the forage grasses tall fescue and meadow fescue , from the genus "Festuca" into the genus "Lolium" . The genus has been treated as containing only a single species "D. glomerata" by many authors , treating variation in the genus at only subspecific rank within "Dactylis glomerata" , but more recently , there has been a trend to accept two species , while some authors accept even more species in the genus , particularly island endemic species in Macaronesia .
The sidecar is a cocktail traditionally made with cognac , orange liqueur ( Cointreau , Grand Marnier , Grand Gala or another triple sec ) , and lemon juice . In its ingredients , the drink is perhaps most closely related to the older brandy crusta , which differs both in presentation and in proportions of its components . A Bloody Mary is a cocktail containing vodka , tomato juice , and combinations of other spices and flavorings including Worcestershire sauce , Hot Sauce , piri piri sauce , beef consommé or bouillon , horseradish , celery , olives , salt , black pepper , cayenne pepper , lemon juice , lime juice and/or celery salt .
Shohola Falls is a 2003 novel written by Michael Pearson . The novel imagines the true story of Thomas Blankenship , the young man that Mark Twain reputedly based the character of Huck Finn upon in his novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn . In "Shohola Falls" , Mark Twain is set as an important character , the fictional reality aligned to the historical one . Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ( or , in more recent editions , The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ) is a novel by Mark Twain , first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885 . Commonly named among the Great American Novels , the work is among the first in major American literature to be written throughout in vernacular English , characterized by local color regionalism . It is told in the first person by Huckleberry "Huck" Finn , a friend of Tom Sawyer the narrator of two other Twain novels ( "Tom Sawyer Abroad" and "Tom Sawyer , Detective" ) . It is a direct sequel to "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" .
The Lacy Dog or Blue Lacy Dog is a breed of working dog that originated in Texas in the mid-19th century . The Lacy was first recognized in 2001 by the Texas Senate . In Senate Resolution No . 436 , the 77th Legislature honored the Lacy as "a true Texas breed" . In June 2005 , Governor Rick Perry signed the legislation adopting the Blue Lacy as "the official State Dog Breed of Texas" . As expected , the vast majority of Lacy dogs are found in Texas . However , as the breed becomes more well recognized , there are breeding populations being established across the United States , Canada , and most recently in Europe . The Norrbottenspets is a breed of dog of the spitz type . It is an ancient breed whose original purpose was a farm and hunting dog but has recently become more popular as a companion dog . The Norrbottenspets is used to hunt wood grouse , black grouse , capercaillie and hazel grouse , but also fox , marten and raccoon . Some individuals are also effective with mammals as large as moose and grizzly bear . Norrbottenspets was formerly used in hunting squirrels , when squirrel fur was valuable in the beginning of the 20th century and earlier .
3 Arts Entertainment is a Beverly Hills–based talent management and television/film production company founded by Erwin Stoff in 1991 in preparation for producing the television show "Down the Shore" . The company is best known for producing comedic TV shows "Parks and Recreation" , "The Mindy Project" , "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" , "It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" , "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" but also for blockbuster and dramatic films "Edge of Tomorrow" , "Unbroken" and "" . Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is an American television sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock , starring Ellie Kemper in the title role , that has streamed on Netflix since March 6 , 2015 . Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015 , the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order .
Bernie Buescher ( born July 11 , 1949 ) is the former secretary of state of Colorado . A Democrat , he was appointed to the office in 2009 by Governor of Colorado Bill Ritter to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of Republican Mike Coffman . Michael Howard Coffman ( born March 19 , 1955 ) is the U.S. Representative for Colorado 's 6 congressional district , serving since 2009 . A member of the Republican Party , he previously served as the Secretary of State of Colorado ( 2007–2009 ) and as Colorado State Treasurer ( 1999–2005 and 2006–2007 ) .
Charles John Rowe is an English actor . His film roles include Young Tommy in "Never Let Me Go" , James in "The Boat That Rocked" , Billy Costa in "The Golden Compass" , Peter in the SyFy/Sky Movies Peter Pan prequel "Neverland" , and recently played Leo Roth on the Fox medical comedy-drama series "Red Band Society" alongside Octavia Spencer and Dave Annable . The Golden Compass is a 2007 British-American fantasy adventure film based on "Northern Lights" , the first novel in Philip Pullman 's trilogy "His Dark Materials" . Written and directed by Chris Weitz , it stars Nicole Kidman , Dakota Blue Richards , Daniel Craig , Sam Elliott , Eva Green , and Ian McKellen . The project was announced in February 2002 , but difficulties over the script and the selection of a director caused significant delays . At US $ 180 million , it was one of New Line Cinema 's most expensive projects ever , and its disappointing results in the USA contributed to New Line 's February 2008 restructuring .
Mel Shaw ( December 19 , 1914 – November 22 , 2012 ) was an American animator , design artist , writer , and artist . Shaw was involved in the animation , story design , and visual development of numerous Disney animated films , beginning with "Bambi" , which was released in 1942 . His other animated film credits , usually involving animation design or the story , included "The Rescuers" in 1977 , "The Fox and the Hound" in 1981 , "The Black Cauldron" in 1985 , "The Great Mouse Detective" in 1986 , "Beauty and the Beast" in 1991 , and "The Lion King" in 1994 . He was named a Disney Legend in 2004 for his contributions to the Walt Disney Company . The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film , and the fifth animated film produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance . "The Lion King" was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff , produced by Don Hahn , and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi , Jonathan Roberts , and Linda Woolverton . Its original songs were written by composer Elton John and lyricist Tim Rice , and original scores were written by Hans Zimmer . The film features an ensemble voice cast that includes Matthew Broderick , James Earl Jones , Jeremy Irons , Jonathan Taylor Thomas , Moira Kelly , Nathan Lane , Ernie Sabella , Rowan Atkinson , Robert Guillaume , Madge Sinclair , Whoopi Goldberg , Cheech Marin , and Jim Cummings . The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by William Shakespeare 's "Hamlet" .
In Norse mythology , Hlín ( Old Norse "protectress" ) is a goddess associated with the goddess Frigg . Hlín appears in a poem in the "Poetic Edda" , compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources , the "Prose Edda" , written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson , and in kennings found in skaldic poetry . Hlín has been theorized as possibly another name for Frigg . Norse mythology is the body of mythology of the North Germanic people stemming from Norse paganism and continuing after the Christianization of Scandinavia and into the Scandinavian folklore of the modern period . The northernmost extension of Germanic mythology , Norse mythology consists of tales of various deities , beings , and heroes derived from numerous sources from both before and after the pagan period , including medieval manuscripts , archaeological representations , and folk tradition .
UniCredit S.p.A. is an Italian global banking and financial services company . Its network spans 50 markets in 17 countries , with more than 8,500 branches and over 147,000 employees . Its strategic position in Western and Eastern Europe gives the group one of the region 's highest market shares . The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index . China CITIC Bank ( ) is China ’ s seventh-largest lender in terms of total assets . It was known as CITIC Industrial Bank until it changed its name in August 2005 . China CITIC Bank , established in 1987 , is a nationally comprehensive and internationally oriented commercial bank . The bank operates in almost 130 countries , and maintains a strong foothold on the mainland banking industry . The bank operates 78 branches in the mainland , and 622 sub-branches , located in economically developed regions of China . In total , there are 773 branch offices in China , as of Q4 2011 .
Alex Jesaulenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Єсауленко , transcribed "Oleksandr Yesaulenko" , ] ) MBE ( born 2 August 1945 in Salzburg , Austria ) is a former Australian rules footballer and coach who represented Carlton and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) from the 1960s to the 1980s . The Goal of the Year is a competition for the best goals kicked in the VFL/AFL during that season . It is run in conjunction with the Mark of the Year competition and is currently sponsored by Coates Hire . The award is also known as the Phil Manassa Medal . The concept is thought to have been initiated as an unofficial award in 1970 by media interests after Alex Jesaulenko 's famous mark . The official award was first given in 2001 .
Ulysses S. Grant , born Hiram Ulysses Grant , ( April 27 , 1822 – July 23 , 1885 ) was the Commanding General of the United States Army at the end of the American Civil War and later the 18th President of the United States from 1869 to 1877 . As Commanding General , Grant worked closely with President Abraham Lincoln to lead the Union Army to victory over the Confederacy in the Civil War . Supported by Congress , Grant implemented Reconstruction , often at odds with President Andrew Johnson . Twice elected president , Grant led the Republicans in their effort to remove the vestiges of Confederate nationalism and slavery , protect African-American citizenship , and support economic prosperity . Although his presidency has often been criticized for multiple administration scandals and for his failure to alleviate the economic depression following the Panic of 1873 , he is regarded as a President who performed relatively well in the context of his time and pursued justice for all . Confederate General Robert E. Lee issued his Farewell Address , also known as General Order No . 9 ( sometimes Orders ) to his Army of Northern Virginia on April 10 , 1865 , the day after he surrendered the army to Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant . Lee 's surrender was instrumental in bringing about the end of the American Civil War . The text of the order , which were written and drafted by Col. Charles Marshall , edited and finalized by Lee , were issued as follows :
Remedy is an 2005 American crime drama directed by Christian Maelen and written by Sandy Eiges , Nicholas Reiner , and Charlotte Wise . The film stars Maelen , Arthur Nascarella , Jon Doscher , Frank Vincent , Vincent Pastore , and Chuck Zito . Frank Vincent Gattuso Jr. ( April 15 , 1937 – September 13 , 2017 ) , known professionally as Frank Vincent , was an American actor . He played prominent roles in the HBO series "The Sopranos" and in several films for director Martin Scorsese : "Raging Bull" ( 1980 ) , "Goodfellas" ( 1990 ) , and "Casino" ( 1995 ) .
The Kree , briefly known as the Ruul , are a fictional scientifically and technologically advanced militaristic alien race appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . They are native to the planet Hala in the Large Magellanic Cloud . Sequoia , ( AKA Quoi and Q ) is a Marvel Comics character . He is the son of Mantis and the elder member of the Cotati contingent which was transplanted from the Kree home planet Hala to Vietnam on Earth .
Chloe is a 2009 erotic thriller film directed by Atom Egoyan , a remake of the 2003 French film "Nathalie ..." . It stars Julianne Moore , Liam Neeson , and Amanda Seyfried in the title role . Its screenplay was written by Erin Cressida Wilson , based on the earlier French film , written by Anne Fontaine . Atom Egoyan , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born July 19 , 1960 ) is a Canadian stage and film director , writer and producer . Egoyan made his career breakthrough with "Exotica" ( 1994 ) , a film set primarily in and around the fictional Exotica strip club . Egoyan 's most critically acclaimed film is the drama "The Sweet Hereafter" ( 1997 ) , for which he received two Academy Award nominations , and his biggest commercial success is the erotic thriller "Chloe" ( 2009 ) .
Maria Callas , Commendatore OMRI ( Greek : Μαρία Κάλλας ; December 2 , 1923 – September 16 , 1977 ) , was a Greek-American soprano , and one of the most renowned and influential opera singers of the 20th century . Many critics praised her "bel canto" technique , wide-ranging voice and dramatic interpretations . Her repertoire ranged from classical "opera seria" to the "bel canto" operas of Donizetti , Bellini and Rossini and further , to the works of Verdi and Puccini ; and , in her early career , to the music dramas of Wagner . Her musical and dramatic talents led to her being hailed as "La Divina" . Vincenzo Salvatore Carmelo Francesco Bellini ( ] ; 3 November 1801 – 23 September 1835 ) was an Italian opera composer , who was known for his long-flowing melodic lines for which he was named "the Swan of Catania" .
Michael Kenji Shinoda ( , born February 11 , 1977 ) is an American musician , songwriter , record producer and graphic designer . He co-founded Linkin Park in 1996 and is the band 's rhythm guitarist , primary songwriter , keyboardist , producer , and lead vocalist . Shinoda later created a hip-hop-driven side project , Fort Minor , in 2004 . He served as a producer for tracks and albums by Lupe Fiasco , Styles of Beyond , and The X-Ecutioners . Teruhiko Kobashi ( 小橋 照彦 , Kobashi Teruhiko , born June 8 , 1971 in Hakodate , Hokkaidō ) , better known by his stagename TERU , is a Japanese singer and musician . He is best known as vocalist of the rock band GLAY , for which he was initially the drummer .
Robert Walter McElroy ( born February 5 , 1954 ) is a Roman Catholic prelate and bishop . From 2010 through 2015 he was auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of San Francisco , California . In 2015 , he became the sixth Bishop of the San Diego Diocese . McElroy was educated by the Jesuits and writes for their official publication in the United States , "America" . America is a national weekly magazine published by the Jesuits of the United States and headquartered in midtown Manhattan . It contains news and opinion about Roman Catholicism and how it relates to American politics and cultural life . Published continuously since 1909 , it is one of the oldest periodicals in the U.S. , the only Catholic weekly magazine in North America , and is considered the leading Catholic journal of opinion in the country . The magazine is also available online .
Georg Ferdinand Ludwig Philipp Cantor ( ; ] ; March 3 [ O.S . February 19 ] 1845 – January 6 , 1918 ) was a German mathematician . He invented set theory , which has become a fundamental theory in mathematics . Cantor established the importance of one-to-one correspondence between the members of two sets , defined infinite and well-ordered sets , and proved that the real numbers are more numerous than the natural numbers . In fact , Cantor 's method of proof of this theorem implies the existence of an "infinity of infinities" . He defined the cardinal and ordinal numbers and their arithmetic . Cantor 's work is of great philosophical interest , a fact of which he was well aware . Vladimir Igorevich Arnold ( alternative spelling Arnol 'd , Russian : Влади́мир И́горевич Арно́льд , 12 June 1937 – 3 June 2010 ) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician . While he is best known for the Kolmogorov–Arnold–Moser theorem regarding the stability of integrable systems , he made important contributions in several areas including dynamical systems theory , catastrophe theory , topology , algebraic geometry , symplectic geometry , differential equations , classical mechanics , hydrodynamics and singularity theory , including posing the ADE classification problem , since his first main result—the solution of Hilbert 's thirteenth problem in 1957 at the age of 19 .
Yameen is a hiphop producer from Philadelphia , PA. His most recent work , "Come On & Go Off" was released on September 2nd , 2014 on Rumble Pack Records . His music can be heard weekly on the Activision videogames podcast , One of Swords where he is also occasionally a guest commentator . Activision Publishing , Inc. , also known as Activision , is an American video game publisher . It was founded on October 1 , 1979 and was the world 's first independent developer and distributor of video games for gaming consoles . Its first products were cartridges for the Atari 2600 video console system published from July 1980 for the US market and from August 1981 for the international market ( UK ) .
Colonel Leslie Alfred Skinner LOM ( April 21 , 1900 – November 2 , 1978 ) was an American rocket engineer . He played a leading role in the development of several rocket propelled weapons during World War II , notably the first shoulder-fired missile system , the Bazooka . Bazooka is the common name for a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket launcher weapon , widely fielded by the United States Army . Also referred to as the "Stovepipe" , the innovative bazooka was among the first generation of rocket-propelled anti-tank weapons used in infantry combat . Featuring a solid-propellant rocket for propulsion , it allowed for high-explosive anti-tank ( HEAT ) warheads to be delivered against armored vehicles , machine gun nests , and fortified bunkers at ranges beyond that of a standard thrown grenade or mine . The universally-applied nickname arose from the M1 variant 's vague resemblance to the musical instrument called a "bazooka" invented and popularized by 1930s U.S. comedian Bob Burns .
Elia Kazan ( born Elias Kazantzoglou September 7 , 1909 – September 28 , 2003 ) was a Greek-American director , producer , writer and actor , described by "The New York Times" as "one of the most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history" . Moustapha Al Akkad ( Arabic : مصطفى العقاد‎ ‎ ; July 1 , 1930 – November 11 , 2005 ) was a Syrian American film producer and director , best known for producing the original series of "Halloween" films and directing "Mohammad , Messenger of God" and "Lion of the Desert" . He was killed along with his daughter Rima Al Akkad Monla in the 2005 Amman bombings .
Robert Sargent Shriver Jr. ( ; November 9 , 1915 – January 18 , 2011 ) was an American politician and activist . As the husband of Eunice Kennedy Shriver , he was part of the Kennedy family . Shriver was the driving force behind the creation of the Peace Corps , and founded the Job Corps , Head Start , and other programs as the "architect" of the 1960s "War on Poverty ." He was the Democratic Party 's nominee for Vice President in the 1972 presidential election . Dame Eunice Mary Kennedy Shriver , DSG ( July 10 , 1921 – August 11 , 2009 ) was a member of the Kennedy family ; she was the sister of President John F. Kennedy and senators Robert F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy . Her husband , Sargent Shriver , was the United States Ambassador to France during the Lyndon Johnson presidency and the Democratic vice presidential candidate in the 1972 U.S. presidential election .
The Lady is Britain 's longest-running weekly women 's magazine . It has been in continuous publication since 1885 and is based in London . It is particularly notable for its classified advertisements for domestic service and child care ; it also has extensive listings of holiday properties . Woman 's Day is an American women 's magazine that covers such topics as homemaking , food , nutrition , physical fitness , physical attractiveness , and fashion . The print edition is one of the Seven Sisters magazines . The magazine was first published in 1931 by The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company ; the current publisher is Hearst Corporation .
Leycesteria is a genus of flowering plants in the honeysuckle family Caprifoliaceae , native to temperate Asia in the Himalaya and southwestern China . Anigozanthos is a small genus of Australian plants in the Bloodwort family Haemodoraceae . The 11 species and several subspecies are commonly known as kangaroo paw and catspaw depending on the shape of their flowers . A further species , previously identified as "Anigozanthos fuliginosus" and commonly known as the black kangaroo paw , has been transferred to its own monotypic genus and is now known as "Macropidia fuliginosa" .
Dermot Murnaghan ( born 26 December 1957 ) is a British broadcaster . A presenter for Sky News , he was a news presenter at CNBC Europe , Independent Television News and BBC News . He has presented news programmes in a variety of time slots since joining Sky News in 2007 . The ITV Nightly News was the late evening news programme on British television network ITV , produced by ITN and broadcast Monday to Friday at 11pm . The 20-minute bulletin , originally presented by newscaster Dermot Murnaghan , was introduced as part of a major overhaul of news on ITV that saw its 5:40pm "" and prestigious "News at Ten" programmes axed .
The Southern Miss Golden Eagles football program represents the University of Southern Mississippi in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision . The Eagles are members of Conference USA and play their home games at M. M. Roberts Stadium in Hattiesburg , Mississippi . Phillip Wayne "Bear" Underwood ( October 16 , 1931 – February 4 , 2013 ) , known as P. W. Underwood , was an American gridiron football player and coach . He was the head coach of the Southern Miss Golden Eagles from 1969 to 1974 .
George Consider Hale ( 1850-1923 ) was fire chief in Kansas City , Missouri from 1882 to 1902 . During this time he competed in the international firemen competition in Paris , and another in London in 1893 . He was also the holder of more than 60 patents for fire fighting equipment . He is an honoree of Kansas City Fire Brigade 's Hall of Fame . Kansas City is the largest city in Missouri , United States , and the sixth largest city in the Midwest . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the city had an estimated population of 481,420 in 2016 , making it the 37th largest city by population in the United States . It is the anchor city of the Kansas City metropolitan area , which straddles the Kansas–Missouri border . Kansas City was founded in the 1830s as a Missouri River port at its confluence with the Kansas River coming in from the west . On June 1 , 1850 the town of Kansas was incorporated ; shortly after came the establishment of the Kansas Territory . Confusion between the two ensued and the name Kansas City was assigned to distinguish them soon thereafter .
Here Come the Munsters is a television film that aired on Fox October 31 , 1995 . It starred Edward Herrmann , Christine Taylor and Veronica Hamel . It included cameos from original "Munsters" surviving cast members Yvonne De Carlo , Al Lewis , Butch Patrick , and Pat Priest . The film told the story of the Munster family 's arrival in America from Transylvania . Veronica Hamel ( born November 20 , 1943 , in Philadelphia ) is an American actress and model .
The Masters and Johnson research team , composed of William H. Masters and Virginia E. Johnson , pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and the diagnosis and treatment of sexual disorders and dysfunctions from 1957 until the 1990s . Patterns of Sexual Behavior is a 1951 book by Clellan S. Ford and Frank A . Beach . In this work of scientific literature , the authors integrate information about human sexual behavior from 191 different cultures , and include detailed comparisons across animal species , with particular emphasis on primates . The book , which has been called a "classic" of its field , provided the foundation for the later research of Masters and Johnson . A revised edition , titled "Human Sexuality in Four Perspectives" , was published in 1977 .
Fitness is a United States-based women 's magazine , focusing on health , exercise , and nutrition . It is owned and published by the Meredith Corporation . The editor-in-chief of "Fitness" is Betty Wong . Gael is a French language monthly women 's and lifestyle magazine published monthly in Mechelen , Belgium .
Abbey Road is a thoroughfare in the borough of Camden and the City of Westminster in London , running roughly northwest to southeast through St. John 's Wood , near Lord 's Cricket Ground . It is part of the B507 road . This road is best known for the Abbey Road Studios and the 1969 album , "Abbey Road" , by The Beatles . McLemore Avenue is a 1970 album by Booker T. & the M.G.s , consisting entirely of mostly instrumental covers of songs from the Beatles ' album "Abbey Road" ( released only months earlier , in September 1969 ) . The title and cover are an homage to the Beatles album , 926 East McLemore Avenue being the address of the Stax Studios in Memphis , as Abbey Road was for EMI Studios in London , which was soon renamed Abbey Road Studios .
Spirit Airlines , Inc. ( NASDAQ : SAVE ) is an American Ultra Low Cost Carrier , headquartered in Miramar , Florida . Spirit operates scheduled flights throughout the United States and in the Caribbean , Mexico , Latin America , and South America . The airline operates bases at Atlantic City , Chicago–O'Hare , Dallas/Fort Worth , Detroit , Fort Lauderdale and Las Vegas as of 2015 . Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport ( IATA : DTW , ICAO : KDTW , FAA LID : DTW ) , usually called Detroit Metro Airport , Metro Airport , or just DTW , is a major international airport in the United States covering 4,850 acre in Romulus , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit . It is Michigan 's busiest airport , and one of the largest airline hubs in the country . The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 categorized it as a large hub primary commercial service facility .
Sense and Sensibility is a 2008 British television drama adaptation of Jane Austen 's 1811 novel "Sense and Sensibility" . The screenplay was written by Andrew Davies , who revealed that the aim of the series was to make viewers forget Ang Lee 's 1995 film "Sense and Sensibility" . The series was "more overtly sexual" than previous Austen adaptations , and Davies included scenes featuring a seduction and a duel that were absent from the feature film . "Sense and Sensibility" was directed by John Alexander and produced by Anne Pivcevic . Hattie Morahan and Charity Wakefield star as Elinor and Marianne Dashwood , two sisters who go on "a voyage of burgeoning sexual and romantic discovery" . Jane Austen ( ; 16 December 1775 – 18 July 1817 ) was an English novelist known primarily for her six major novels , which interpret , critique and comment upon the British landed gentry at the end of the 18th century . Austen 's plots often explore the dependence of women on marriage in the pursuit of favourable social standing and economic security . Her works critique the novels of sensibility of the second half of the 18th century and are part of the transition to 19th-century literary realism .
Tariq Ali ( ; Punjabi , Urdu : ‎ ; born 21 October 1943 ) is a British-Pakistani writer , journalist , historian , filmmaker , political activist , and public intellectual . He is a member of the editorial committee of the "New Left Review" and "Sin Permiso" , and contributes to "The Guardian" , "CounterPunch" , and the "London Review of Books" . He read PPE at Exeter College , Oxford . The Extreme Centre : A Warning is a 2015 book by British-Pakistani writer , journalist , political activist and historian Tariq Ali .
The Liberty Tree District is a historic district encompassing a collection of six mid-scale commercial buildings between the Downtown Crossing area and the Theater District of Boston , Massachusetts . They are clustered around the corner of Washington and Essex Streets , on the edge of the area known in the 20th century has Boston 's Combat Zone , or adult entertainment district . The area is historically significant as the site in the 1760s of the Liberty Tree and the Liberty Tree Tavern , a focal point of colonial discontent against British rule . This significance is reflected in a carved relief on the Liberty Tree Block , a brick commercial block built in 1850 at the corner of Washington and Essex . The building was designated as a Boston Landmark by the Boston Landmarks Commission in 1985 . The Combat Zone was the name given in the 1960s to the adult entertainment district in downtown Boston , Massachusetts . Centered on Washington Street between Boylston Street and Kneeland Street , the area was once the site of many strip clubs , peep shows , X-rated movie theaters , and adult bookstores . It also had a reputation for crime , including prostitution .
Miracle of the White Stallions is a 1963 film released by Walt Disney starring Robert Taylor ( playing Alois Podhajsky ) , Lilli Palmer , and Eddie Albert . It is the story of the evacuation of the Lipizzaner horses from the Spanish Riding School in Vienna during World War II . The Man from Snowy River II is a 1988 Australian drama film , the sequel to the 1982 film "The Man from Snowy River" .
Christopher Livingstone "Chris" Eubank Jr. ( born 18 September 1989 ) is a British professional boxer . He has held the IBO super-middleweight title since February 2017 , having previously held the WBA interim and British middleweight titles between 2015 and 2016 . As of July 2017 , Eubank Jr. is ranked as the world 's second best super middleweight by BoxRec , sixth by the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board , and seventh by "The Ring" magazine . He is the son of former two-weight world boxing champion Chris Eubank . Ambrose Mendy ( born August 1954 ) is a British boxing manager , advisor and sports agent . He has managed and/or advised Nigel Benn ; James DeGale ; Chris Eubank Junior ; Lloyd Honeyghan & Errol Christie among others during a career in boxing that started in the late 1970s .
Jacob William Hoggard ( born July 9 , 1984 ) is a Canadian singer and songwriter . He finished in third place on the second season of "Canadian Idol" , in 2004 . He is the lead singer of the rock band Hedley . Glenn Keith Bidmead ( born 3 February 1962 ) is a Sydney-based singer , songwriter , guitarist , performer and producer . With songwriting partner Steve Glover , he was a founding member of Australian rock band LemonJuice , which enjoyed several years of success in Japan and South Korea .
Philippe Perrin ( Colonel , French Air Force ) ( born January 6 , 1963 ) is a French test pilot and former CNES and European Space Agency astronaut . Prof. Dr. Ernst Willi Messerschmid ( born May 21 , 1945 ) is a German physicist and former astronaut .
The 63d Fighter Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit , assigned to the 56th Operations Group , at Luke Air Force Base , Arizona . It operates the F-35A aircraft , conducting advanced fighter training since its reactivation in 2016 . Luke Air Force Base ( IATA : LUF , ICAO : KLUF , FAA LID : LUF ) is a United States Air Force base located seven miles ( 11 km ) west of the central business district of Glendale , in Maricopa County , Arizona , United States . It is also about 15 mi west of Phoenix , Arizona .
Paul Andrews ( born 17 May 1958 ) , better known by his stage name Paul Di'Anno , is a British singer best known as the first vocalist to record with heavy metal band Iron Maiden , from 1978 to 1981 . Michael Allen "Mike" Muir ( born March 14 , 1963 ) is the lead vocalist of the Venice , California crossover thrash bands Suicidal Tendencies , Los Cycos and the funk metal band Infectious Grooves . He has also released several solo albums under his nickname Cyco Miko . Muir 's trademark is wearing bandanas , jerseys with the number 13 , and hats with block style letters that read "Suicidal" .
Musicology ( ) is the scholarly analysis and research-based study of music . Musicology is part of the humanities . A scholar who participates in musical research is a musicologist . Ciril Cvetko ( 8 January 1920 – 18 January 1999 ) was a Slovene composer and conductor , brother of the musicologist Dragotin Cvetko .
The Antarctic ( US English , UK English or and or ) is a polar region , specifically the region around the Earth 's South Pole , opposite the Arctic region around the North Pole . The Antarctic comprises in the strict sense the continent of Antarctica and the island territories located on the Antarctic Plate . In a broader sense the Antarctic region include the ice shelves , waters , and island territories in the Southern Ocean situated south of the Antarctic Convergence , a zone approximately 32 to wide varying in latitude seasonally . The region covers some 20 % of the Southern Hemisphere , of which 5.5 % ( 14 million km ) is the surface area of the Antarctic continent itself . All of the land and ice shelves south of 60°S latitude are administrated under the Antarctic Treaty System . In a biogeographic sense , the Antarctic ecozone is one of eight ecozones of the Earth 's land surface . William Hodges RA ( 28 October 1744 – 6 March 1797 ) was an English painter . He was a member of James Cook 's second voyage to the Pacific Ocean , and is best known for the sketches and paintings of locations he visited on that voyage , including Table Bay , Tahiti , Easter Island , and the Antarctic .
MadMaze is an online video game designed by Eric Goldberg and developed by Greg Costikyan in 1989 . It was the first online game to draw over a million players. , and was playable through the Prodigy service . The game disappeared in 1999 with the death of the Prodigy service , but with the permission from the service and the creators , fans of the game have rehosted it . Eric Goldberg is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games .
Graham Linehan ( ; born 22 May 1968 ) is an Irish television comedy writer and director who , often in partnership with Arthur Mathews , has written or co-written a number of popular television comedies . He is most noted for the sitcoms "Father Ted" , "Black Books" and "The IT Crowd" . Amongst others , he has also worked on "Big Train" , "Count Arthur Strong" , "Brass Eye" and "The Fast Show" . The IT Crowd is a British sitcom by Channel 4 , written by Graham Linehan , produced by Ash Atalla and starring Chris O'Dowd , Richard Ayoade , Katherine Parkinson , and Matt Berry .
Utena ( ) is a city in north-east Lithuania . It is the administrative center of Utena district and Utena County . Utena is one of the oldest settlements of Lithuania . The name of the city is most probably derived from a hydronym . The name of the settlement has been known since 1261 . Ingrida Ardišauskaitė ( born 17 January 1993 in Utena , Lithuania ) is a retired Lithuanian cross-country skier .
DIVA is a leading lesbian magazine in the United Kingdom , published monthly . It was launched in March 1994 by Millivres Ltd , under the editorship of Frances Williams and is now published by Twin Media Group , which is owned by Silke Bader and Linda Riley . Silke Bader is also the publisher of Curve magazine in the USA and LOTL in Australia , and Linda Riley runs the European Diversity Awards and is the former publisher of g3 magazine in the UK . Elle is a worldwide lifestyle magazine of French origin that focuses on fashion , beauty , health , and entertainment . "Elle" is also the world 's best-selling fashion magazine . It was founded by Pierre Lazareff and his wife Hélène Gordon in 1945 . The title , in French , means "she" or "her" .
Beyond the Hoax : Science , Philosophy , and Culture is a 2008 book by Alan Sokal detailing the history of the Sokal affair in which he submitted an article full of "nonsense" . Alan David Sokal ( ; born January 24 , 1955 ) is a professor of mathematics at University College London and professor of physics at New York University . He works in statistical mechanics and combinatorics . He is best known to the wider public for his criticism of postmodernism , after the Sokal affair in 1996 when his deliberately nonsensical paper was published by Duke University 's "Social Text" . He also works to counter faulty scientific reasoning , as seen with his involvement in criticising the critical positivity ratio concept in positive psychology .
The Walt Disney World Dolphin is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney 's Hollywood Studios in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake , Florida , next to Disney 's BoardWalk Resort area . It opened on June 1 , 1990 and is joined to its sister hotel , the Walt Disney World Swan ( also designed by Graves ) by a palm-tree lined covered walkway crossing a lagoon . The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company , Tishman Hotel Corporation , MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts . The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company , while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife but operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Sheraton Hotels brand . The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts ; because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only . The 1991 Mr. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition held in September 1991 at the Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel in Orlando , Florida .
The Black Velvet is a beer cocktail made from stout ( often Guinness ) and white , sparkling wine , traditionally Champagne . Planter 's Punch is an IBA Official Cocktail made of dark rum , several juices , grenadine syrup , sugar syrup , and Angostura bitters .
Kongo or Kikongo is one of the Bantu languages and is spoken by the Kongo and Ndundu people living in the tropical forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Republic of the Congo and Angola . It is a tonal language . It was spoken by many of those who were taken from the region and sold as slaves in the Americas . For this reason , while Kongo still is spoken in the above-mentioned countries , creolized forms of the language are found in ritual speech of Afro-American religions , especially in Brazil , Cuba , and Haiti . It is also one of the sources of the Gullah language and the Palenquero creole in Colombia . The vast majority of present-day speakers live in Africa . There are roughly seven million native speakers of Kongo , with perhaps two million more who use it as a second language . Afro-American religions ( also known as African diasporic religions or New World traditions ) are a number of related religions that developed in the Americas in various nations of Latin America , the Caribbean , and the southern United States . They derive from traditional African religions of Africa with some influence from Christianity .
Leonid Anatolievich Levin ( ; Russian : Леони́д Анато́льевич Ле́вин ; Ukrainian : Леоні́д Анато́лійович Ле́він ; born November 2 , 1948 ) is a Soviet-American computer scientist . Gregori Aleksandrovich Margulis ( Russian : Григо́рий Алекса́ндрович Маргу́лис , first name often given as Gregory , Grigori or Grigory ; born February 24 , 1946 ) is a Russian-American mathematician known for his work on lattices in Lie groups , and the introduction of methods from ergodic theory into diophantine approximation . He was awarded a Fields Medal in 1978 and a Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 2005 , becoming the seventh mathematician to receive both prizes . In 1991 , he joined the faculty of Yale University , where he is currently the Erastus L. De Forest Professor of Mathematics .
Gustavus Adolphus College ( ) is a private , coeducational liberal arts college . A four-year , residential institution , Gustavus Adolphus College was founded in 1862 by Swedish Americans and is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America . To this day the school retains Swedish and Lutheran heritage . The premier event on campus is the annual Nobel Conference , which features Nobel Laureates and other scholars explaining their expertise to a general audience . In 2015 , "U.S. News & World Report" ranked Gustavus as the 64th best liberal arts college in the United States . The college is ranked No . 38 for liberal arts colleges on Payscale 's 2016-17 list of highest-paid graduates . Rebecca M. Bergman is the President of Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter , Minnesota . She began her term in July 2014 , and is the first female to serve as President at the college , which was founded in 1862 . Prior to her presidency , she served on the college 's Board of Trustees from 2007 to 2014 . Before becoming President at Gustavus , Bergman was a senior executive at Medtronic .
Per Mertesacker ( ] ; born 29 September 1984 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Premier League club Arsenal . He also played for the Germany national team but retired in August 2014 after winning the World Cup . Mertesacker is a youth product of Hannover 96 and he made his senior league debut in November 2003 . He was soon dubbed "the Defence Pole" ( "" die Abwehrlatte"" ) by German tabloids and gained a reputation for his good disciplinary record , going 31 Bundesliga games without being booked . Since joining Arsenal , their fans have nicknamed him "the BFG" , which is short for "Big Fucking German" and an allusion to Roald Dahl 's "The BFG" due to his height . He has been described as an imposing , reliable , dominant and an accomplished defender . The BFG ( short for "Big Friendly Giant" ) is a 1982 children 's book written by British novelist Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake . It is an expansion of a short story from Dahl 's 1975 book "Danny , the Champion of the World" . The book is dedicated to Dahl 's late daughter , Olivia , who died of measles encephalitis at the age of seven in 1962 . As of 2009 , the novel has sold 37 million copies in UK editions alone .
An impresario ( from the Italian "impresa" , "an enterprise or undertaking" ) is a person who organizes and often finances concerts , plays , or operas , performing a role similar to that of an artist manager or a film or television producer . The term originated in the social and economic world of Italian opera , in which from the mid-18th century to the 1830s , the impresario was the key figure in the organization of a lyric season . The owners of the theatre , usually noble amateurs , charged the impresario with hiring a composer ( until the 1850s operas were expected to be new ) and the orchestra , singers , costumes and sets , all while assuming considerable financial risk . In 1786 Mozart satirized the stress and emotional mayhem in a single-act farce "Der Schauspieldirektor" ( "The Impresario" ) . Antonio Vivaldi was unusual in acting as both impresario and composer ; in 1714 he managed seasons at Teatro San Angelo in Venice , where his opera "Orlando finto pazzo" was followed by numerous others . Vanessa Bley is a New York City and Los Angeles–based singer , composer , producer , and musician . She is daughter of jazz pianist Paul Bley and pioneer video artist Carol Goss .
The University of the Philippines ( UP ; Filipino : "Unibersidad ng Pilipinas" or "Pamantasan ng Pilipinas" ) is a state university system in the Philippines . Founded by the American colonial government on June 18 , 1908 , it was originally a university conceived for the Filipinos . Act 1870 of the 1st Philippine Legislature was signed to establish UP to provide "advanced instruction in literature , philosophy , the sciences and arts , and to give professional and technical training" to eligible students regardless of "age , sex , nationality , religious belief and political affiliation" . UP has institutional autonomy as the country 's national university as mandated by Republic Act No . 9500 ( UP Charter of 2008 ) . The NorthCap University , formerly ITM University , is an autonomous university situated in Sector 23-A , Gurugram , Haryana , India . It was founded in 1996 by Educate India Society , registered under the Registration of Societies Act of 1860 as an Engineering Institute , to provide education in Technical and Management . Formerly it was under Maharshi Dayanand University , Rohtak .
Brittany Anne Snow ( born March 9 , 1986 ) is an American actress , producer , and singer . Pitch Perfect 2 is a 2015 American musical comedy film directed and co-produced by Elizabeth Banks and written by Kay Cannon . It is a sequel to the 2012 film "Pitch Perfect" and the second installment in the "Pitch Perfect" series . The film centers on the fictional Barden University and The Bellas , an all-female a cappella singing group . The film features an ensemble cast , including Anna Kendrick , Rebel Wilson , Hailee Steinfeld , Brittany Snow , Alexis Knapp , Hana Mae Lee , Ester Dean , Chrissie Fit , Kelley Jakle and Shelley Regner as The Bellas . It was released on May 15 , 2015 by Universal Pictures .
Corrib Park is a housing estate in the Westside suburb of Galway , Ireland . Galway ( ; Irish : "Gaillimh" , ] ) is a city in the West of Ireland in the province of Connacht . Galway City Council is the local authority for the city . Galway lies on the River Corrib between Lough Corrib and Galway Bay and is surrounded by County Galway . It is the fourth most populous urban area in the Republic of Ireland and the sixth most populous city in the island of Ireland .
Matthew Edward "Matt" Vasgersian ( born September 28 , 1967 ) is an American sportscaster and television host . Vasgersian is currently a play-by-play announcer for Fox Sports ' coverage of Major League Baseball , as well as a studio host for the MLB Network . In the past he has served as an announcer for Fox Sports ' National Football League coverage , NBC Sports ' coverage of the Olympic Games , and NBC Sports ' coverage of the short lived XFL . He formerly called play-by-play for the Milwaukee Brewers and the San Diego Padres . Michael Casey ( born 1947 ) is an American poet of Armenian descent .
Jacques Dominique Wilkins ( born January 12 , 1960 ) is an American retired professional basketball player who primarily played for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Wilkins was a nine-time NBA All-Star , and is widely viewed as one of the best dunkers in NBA history , earning the nickname The Human Highlight Film . In 2006 , Wilkins was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame . The 1991–92 NBA season was the Hawks ' 43rd season in the National Basketball Association , and 24th season in Atlanta . During the offseason , the Hawks acquired Maurice Cheeks from the New York Knicks . The Hawks had a complete change of guards turning over their backcourt to second-year guard Rumeal Robinson , and top draft pick Stacey Augmon out of UNLV . However , with a 22–20 record in late January , Dominique Wilkins ruptured his achilles tendon and was out for the remainder of the season . Without Wilkins , the Hawks would lose 24 of their final 40 games , including a 7-game losing streak . They finished fifth in the Central Division with a 38–44 record , missing the playoffs and losing a tie-breaker for the # 8 seed in the Eastern Conference to the Miami Heat .
Decibel is a monthly heavy metal magazine published by the Philadelphia-based Red Flag Media since October 2004 . Its sections include Upfront , Features , Reviews , Guest Columns and the Decibel Hall of Fame . The magazine 's tag-line is currently "Extremely Extreme" ( previously "The New Noise" ) ; the editor-in-chief is Albert Mudrian . Bird Talk was a monthly magazine for bird owners and enthusiasts published by BowTie Inc. Each issue had articles which are generally focused around a specific topic , as well as several regular features . The topics varied from bird care , training , behavior , and health to discussion of new products and bird food recipes or raising a colony of mealworms .
Les Patterson Saves the World is a 1987 Australian comedy film starring Barry Humphries as his stage creations Sir Les Patterson and Dame Edna Everage . Dame Edna Everage is a character created and performed by Australian comedian Barry Humphries , famous for her lilac-coloured or "wisteria hue" hair and cat eye glasses or "face furniture" , her favourite flower , the gladiolus ( "gladdies" ) and her boisterous greeting : "Hello , Possums !" As Dame Edna , Humphries has written several books including an autobiography , "My Gorgeous Life" , appeared in several films and hosted several television shows ( on which Humphries has also appeared as himself and other alter-egos ) .
The Mle 1914 Hotchkiss machine gun chambered for the 8mm Lebel cartridge became the standard machine gun of the French Army during World War I . It was manufactured by the French arms company Hotchkiss et Cie , which had been established in the 1860s by American industrialist Benjamin B. Hotchkiss . The gas-actuated Hotchkiss system was first formulated in 1895 by Odkolek von Ujezda and improved into its final form by Hotchkiss armament engineers Laurence Benét and Henri Mercié . The Ciężki karabin maszynowy wz . 25 Hotchkiss ( Polish for "Heavy machine gun , Mark 1925 , Hotchkiss" ) was a Polish derivative of the Hotchkiss M1914 machine gun , rechambered for 7.92×57mm Mauser ammunition .
Sully ( also known as Sully : Miracle on the Hudson ) is a 2016 American biographical drama film directed by Clint Eastwood and written by Todd Komarnicki , based on the autobiography "" by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow . The film stars Tom Hanks as Sullenberger , with Aaron Eckhart , Laura Linney , Anna Gunn , Autumn Reeser , Holt McCallany , Jamey Sheridan , and Jerry Ferrara in supporting roles . The film follows Sullenberger 's January 2009 emergency landing of US Airways Flight 1549 on the Hudson River , in which all 155 passengers and crew survived with only minor injuries , and the subsequent publicity and investigation . Chesley Burnett "Sully" Sullenberger III ( born 1951 ) is an American retired airline captain celebrated for the January 15 , 2009 water landing of US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River off Manhattan after the plane was disabled by striking a flock of Canada geese immediately after takeoff ; all 155 people aboard survived . Sullenberger is an international speaker on airline safety and has helped develop new protocols for airline safety . He served as the co-chairman , along with First Officer Jeffrey Skiles , of the EAA 's Young Eagles youth introduction-to-aviation program from 2009 to 2013 . He retired from US Airways after 30 years as a commercial pilot on March 3 , 2010 . In May of the following year , Sullenberger was hired by CBS News as an Aviation and Safety Expert .
The 1st World Outgames took place in Montreal , Quebec , Canada from July 26 , 2006 to August 5 , 2006 . The international conference was held from July 26 to the 29 . The sporting events were held from July 29 to August 5 . The Declaration of Montreal on Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender Human Rights is a document adopted in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , on July 29 , 2006 , by the International Conference on LGBT Human Rights which formed part of the first World Outgames . The Declaration outlines a number of rights and freedoms pertaining to LGBT and intersex people that it is proposed be universally guaranteed . It encompasses all aspects of human rights , from the guarantee of fundamental freedoms to the prevention of discrimination against LGBT people in healthcare , education and immigration . The Declaration also addresses various issues that impinge on the global promotion of LGBT rights and intersex human rights . Intended as a starting point in listing the demands of the international LGBT movement , it will ultimately be submitted to the United Nations .
Gregor "Gore" Verbinski ( born March 16 , 1964 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , producer and musician . He is best known for directing the first three films of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" film saga , "The Ring" , and "Rango" . Verbinski is a graduate of UCLA School of Theater , Film and Television . His most recent film , "A Cure for Wellness" , was released in 2017 . Verbinski won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature in 2012 for his animated action-comedy western "Rango" . John David Landis ( born August 3 , 1950 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , actor , and producer . He is best known for the comedy films that he has directed such as "National Lampoon 's Animal House" ( 1978 ) , "The Blues Brothers" ( 1980 ) , "An American Werewolf in London" ( 1981 ) , "Trading Places" ( 1983 ) , "¡Three Amigos ! "( 1986 ) , "Coming to America" ( 1988 ) and "Beverly Hills Cop III" ( 1994 ) , and for directing Michael Jackson 's music videos for "Thriller" ( 1983 ) and "Black or White" ( 1991 ) .
Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez ( born 1 August 1971 ) , is a former Mexican drug lord and top leader of the criminal drug trafficking organization known as the Gulf Cartel . He was among Mexico 's most-wanted drug lords . Samuel Flores Borrego ( a.k.a . Metro 3 ) ( 6 August 1972 – 2 September 2011 ) was a Mexican drug lord and high-ranking lieutenant of the Gulf Cartel . He was a former state judicial policeman who protected the ex-leader of the Gulf cartel , Osiel Cárdenas Guillén . Upon his arrest , Flores Borrego became the right-hand man of Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez , the former leader of the criminal organization .
Otto Frederick Warmbier ( December 12 , 1994 – June 19 , 2017 ) was an American university student who , while visiting North Korea as a tourist in January 2016 , was arrested and sentenced to 15 years imprisonment with hard labor after being convicted for attempted theft of a propaganda poster from his hotel . Katherine Ann Dettwyler is an American anthropologist and advocate of breastfeeding . She was an adjunct professor at the University of Delaware , who was n't rehired after she made controversial comments on the death of Otto Warmbier , a college student who had been imprisoned in North Korea .
Juan Carlos Onetti Borges ( July 1 , 1909 , Montevideo – May 30 , 1994 , Madrid ) was an Uruguayan novelist and author of short stories . Bryce Courtenay , AM ( 14 August 193322 November 2012 ) was a South African/Australian advertising director and novelist . He is one of Australia 's best-selling authors , notable for his book "The Power of One" .
Three-card brag is a 16th-century British card game , and the British national representative of the vying or "bluffing" family of gambling games . Brag is a direct descendant of the Elizabethan game of Primero and one of the several ancestors to poker , just varying in betting style and hand rankings . Crash is a British card game extension of Nine-card Brag . In Crash , there is no betting , as in Brag , but rather players aim to reach a total of 11 points , gained over successive deals .
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the Comedy Central television network . The show revolves around four boys—Stan Marsh , Kyle Broflovski , Eric Cartman , and Kenny McCormick—and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town . Much like "The Simpsons" , "South Park" uses a very large ensemble cast of recurring characters and became infamous for its profanity and dark , surreal humor that satirizes a wide range of topics towards a mature audience . "The Death Camp of Tolerance" is the fourteenth episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series "South Park" , and the 93rd overall episode of the series . It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 20 , 2002 . In the episode , Mr. Garrison tries to get fired from his new job as the fourth grade teacher at South Park Elementary by being overtly and explicitly homosexual in front of the students , but is unable to as the rest of the faculty and the children 's parents are desperate to appear tolerant of his homosexuality . The boys do not share their sentiments , and as punishment for not tolerating Garrison 's outrageous behavior , they are sent to a Nazi-esque "tolerance camp ." All of the scenes inside the camp are shown in black-and-white , a homage to "Schindler 's List" .
Ian Thomas Garner MacKaye ( ; born April 16 , 1962 ) is an American singer , songwriter , guitarist , musician , record label owner and producer . Active since 1979 , MacKaye is best known as the co-founder and owner of Dischord Records , a Washington , D.C.-based independent record label and the frontman of the influential hardcore punk band Minor Threat and the post-hardcore band Fugazi . MacKaye was also the frontman for the short-lived bands The Teen Idles , Embrace and Pailhead , a collaboration with the band Ministry . MacKaye is a member of The Evens , a two-piece indie rock group he formed with his wife Amy Farina in 2001 . Brody Dalle ( born Bree Joanna Alice Robinson ; 1 January 1979 ) is an Australian-born singer-songwriter and guitarist . Dalle began playing music in her adolescence , and moved to Los Angeles , California at age eighteen , where she found the punk rock band The Distillers . The group released three albums before disbanding in 2006 , and Dalle began another project , Spinnerette , releasing an eponymous album in 2009 . In 2014 , she released "Diploid Love" , her first album under her solo name .
The Balfour Declaration was a public statement issued by the British government during World War I announcing support for the establishment of a "national home for the Jewish people" in Palestine , then an Ottoman region with a minority Jewish population . It read : The Declaration to the Seven was a document written by the British diplomat Sir Henry McMahon and released on June 16 , 1918 in response to a memorandum issued anonymously by seven Syrian notables in Cairo who were members of the newly formed Party of Syrian Unity , established in the wake of the Balfour Declaration and the November 23 , 1917 publication by the Bolsheviks of the secret May 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement between Britain and France . The memorandum requested a "guarantee of the ultimate independence of Arabia" . The Declaration stated the British policy that the future government of the regions of the Ottoman Empire occupied by Allies of World War I "should be based upon the principle of the consent of the governed" .
Kolejka ( ; Polish for "queue" or "line ( of people )" ) is a board game designed by Karol Madaj and launched in February 2011 by Poland 's Institute of National Remembrance . It was designed to teach young generations about the hardships under communism ( 1945–1989 ) , particularly the difficulty of acquiring consumer goods in the shortage economy . The game has been described as inspired by "Monopoly" . Ghettopoly is a parody of "Monopoly" released in 2003 . Invented by David Chang , it uses "Monopoly" -like mechanics in the atmosphere of a caricaturized United States ghetto .
Eleven : A Music Company is an Australian record label known for its small but successful roster , currently including Birds of Tokyo , Cold Chisel , Daniel Johns , Dustin Tebbutt , Gotye , Missy Higgins , Paul Mac , The Presets , and Silverchair . The company was founded on 11 November 2000 by artist manager , John Watson . Daniel Paul Johns ( born 22 April 1979 ) is an Australian musician , singer , and songwriter . Best known as the former front man of the rock band Silverchair , Johns is also one half of The Dissociatives with Paul Mac and , in 2007 , was ranked at number 18 on "Rolling Stone" ' s list of The 25 Most Under-rated Guitarists .
Ursula Kroeber Le Guin ( ; born October 21 , 1929 ) is an American author of novels , children 's books , and short stories , mainly in the genres of fantasy and science fiction . She has also written poetry and essays . First published in the 1960s , her work has often depicted futuristic or imaginary alternative worlds in politics , the natural environment , gender , religion , sexuality and ethnography . In 2016 , "The New York Times" described her as "America 's greatest living science fiction writer" , although she has said she would prefer to be known as an "American novelist" . The Birthday of the World : and Other Stories is a collection of short fiction by American writer Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in March , 2002 by HarperCollins . All of the stories , except "Paradises Lost" , were previously published individually elsewhere .
Richard Gordon "Dick" Darman ( May 10 , 1943January 25 , 2008 ) was an American businessman and government official who served in senior positions during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush . Ronald Wilson Reagan ( ; February 6 , 1911 – June 5 , 2004 ) was an American statesman and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 . Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader .
Brian Stokes Mitchell ( born October 31 , 1957 ) is an American stage , film and television actor and singer . A powerful baritone , he has been one of the central leading men of the Broadway theatre since the early 1990s . He won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical in 2000 for his performance in "Kiss Me , Kate" . New Dramatists is an organization of playwrights in New York City who participate in seven-year residencies to build up their skills and career . The organization was opened in New York City 's Theater District in 1949 . In addition to housing resident playwrights , New Dramatists also holds workshops for young authors . The organization hosts an annual luncheon at which actors and producers who have made contributions to American theatre are honored . Brian Stokes Mitchell , Glenn Close , and Meryl Streep are among past honorees .
A compact car ( North America ) , or small family car in British acceptation , is a classification of cars that are larger than a subcompact car but smaller than a mid-size car , roughly equivalent to the C-segment in Europe . The Maruti Suzuki Dzire ( earlier known as Maruti Suzuki Swift Dzire ) is a subcompact sedan that has been developed as an extension of the Swift hatchback . The compact sedan was introduced in India back in 2008 . It is available in a total of 14 variants including both petrol as well as diesel engine trims .
Cryptanthus is a genus in the botanical family Bromeliaceae , subfamily Bromelioideae . The genus name is from the Greek “ cryptos ” ( hidden ) and “ anthos ” ( flower ) . This genus has two recognized subgenera : the type subgenus and "Hoplocryptanthus" . All species of this genus are endemic to Brazil . The common name for any "Cryptanthus" is "Earth Star" . Gagea is a large genus of spring flowers in the lily family . It is found primarily in Eurasia with a few species extending into North Africa and North America .
The 2012 United States Libertarian National Convention , in which delegates of the Libertarian Party ( LP ) chose the party 's nominees for President of the United States and Vice President of the United States in the 2012 general election , was held May 2–6 , 2012 in Las Vegas , Nevada at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino . Former Governor of New Mexico Gary Johnson won the presidential nomination on the first ballot . Retired California state court judge Jim Gray won the vice-presidential nomination , also on the first ballot . The convention also chose to replace most of the Libertarian National Committee party officers and members-at-large . Gary Earl Johnson ( born January 1 , 1953 ) is an American businessman , author , and politician . He was the 29th Governor of New Mexico from 1995 to 2003 as a member of the Republican Party . He was also the Libertarian Party nominee for President of the United States in the 2012 and 2016 elections .
The Legislative Assembly ( AL ; Portuguese : "Assembleia Legislativa" ; Traditional Chinese : 立法會 ; Simplified Chinese : 立法会 ) is the organ of the legislative branch of Macau . It is a 33-member body comprising 14 directly elected members , 12 indirectly elected members representing functional constituencies and 7 members appointed by the chief executive . It is located at Sé . Ho Iat Seng ( ; born 12 June 1957 in Macau ) is a member of Legislative Assembly of Macau . He is also a member of the 9th , 10th , 11th & 12th Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , and a Member of the Chief Executive of Macau from 2004 to 2009 .
Krrish is a franchise of Indian science fiction films , superhero films , television series , comics and video games . The film series is directed , produced and written by Rakesh Roshan . It is considered Indian cinema 's first such film series . All three films starred Rakesh 's son Hrithik Roshan , and were scored by his brother Rajesh Roshan . The films are centred , initially , on a mentally handicapped boy who has an encounter with an extraterrestrial being , and later , his son , who grows up to be a reluctant superhero . The first two films were blockbusters in the Indian market , and hits in the overseas markets . The third film was released on 1 November 2013 and was declared a blockbuster shattering many box office records grossing over ( ) at the box office . In 2013 , an animated television series based on this "Krrish" film series , and named "Kid Krrish" , aired on Cartoon Network India . It also spawned a spin-off animation-cum-live-action series titled "J Bole Toh Jadoo" that aired on Nickelodeon ( India ) . "Krrish 3" was the first Indian film to launch its own official Facebook Emoticons as part of the promotion . Raajesh Rooshan Lal Nagrath ( born 24 May 1955 ) is a Hindi cinema music composer . He is the son of music director Roshan , younger brother of filmmaker Rakesh Roshan and the uncle of actor Hrithik Roshan .
The 38th Annual César Awards ceremony , presented by the French Academy of Cinema Arts and Techniques ( Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma ) , was held on 22 February 2013 , at the Théâtre du Châtelet in Paris . The ceremony was chaired by Jamel Debbouze , with Antoine de Caunes as master of ceremonies . Nominations were announced 25 January 2013 . Michael Haneke 's film "Amour" , nominated in ten categories , won in five , including Best Film , Best Director , Best Actor and Best Actress . Amour ( ] ; French : "Love" ) is a 2012 French-language romantic drama film written and directed by the Austrian filmmaker Michael Haneke , starring Jean-Louis Trintignant , Emmanuelle Riva and Isabelle Huppert . The narrative focuses on an elderly couple , Anne and Georges , who are retired music teachers with a daughter who lives abroad . Anne suffers a stroke which paralyses her on the right side of her body . The film is a co-production among the French , German , and Austrian companies Les Films du Losange , X-Filme Creative Pool , and Wega Film .
William Maldon "Bill" Woodfull OBE ( 22 August 1897 – 11 August 1965 ) was an Australian cricketer of the 1920s and 1930s . He captained both Victoria and Australia , and was best known for his dignified and moral conduct during the tumultuous bodyline series in 1932–33 that almost saw the end of Anglo-Australian cricketing ties . Trained as a schoolteacher , Woodfull was known for his benevolent attitude towards his players , and his patience and defensive technique as an opening batsman . Woodfull was not a flamboyant player , but was known for his calm , unruffled style and his reliability in difficult situations . His opening pairing with fellow Victorian Bill Ponsford for both his state and Australia remains one of the most successful in history . While not known for his tactical skills , Woodfull was widely admired by his players and observers for his sportsmanship and ability to mould a successful and loyal team through the strength of his character . Australia won the 1930 Ashes series against England , winning two of the matches and losing one , with the other two tests drawn . The Australian tourists were captained by Bill Woodfull , while the home side were led by Percy Chapman , who was dropped in favour of Bob Wyatt in the final Test .
Hurricane Faith reached the northernmost latitude and had the longest track of any Atlantic tropical cyclone . The sixth named storm and fifth hurricane of the 1966 Atlantic hurricane season , Faith developed from an area of disturbed weather between Cape Verde and the west coast of Africa on August 21 . Tracking westward , the depression gradually intensified and became Tropical Storm Faith on the following day . Moving westward across the Atlantic Ocean , it continued to slowly strengthen , reaching hurricane status early on August 23 . About 42 hours later , Faith reached an initial peak with winds of 105 mph ( 165 km/h ) , before weakening slightly on August 26 . Located near the Lesser Antilles , the outer bands of Faith produced gale force winds in the region , especially Puerto Rico , the Virgin Islands , and Antigua . Minor coastal damage occurred as far south as Trinidad and Tobago . The 1966 Atlantic hurricane season featured the tropical cyclone with the longest track in the Atlantic basin – Hurricane Faith . Also during the year , the Miami , Florida Weather Office was re-designated the National Hurricane Center . The season officially began on June 1 , and lasted until November 30 . These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the Atlantic basin . It was a near average season in terms of tropical storms , with a total of 11 named storms . The first system , Hurricane Alma , developed over eastern Nicaragua on June 4 . Alma brought severe flooding to Honduras and later to Cuba , after crossing the western Caribbean Sea . The storm also brought relatively minor impact to the Southeastern United States . Alma caused 91 deaths and about $ 210.1 million ( 1966 USD ) in damage .
We Need a Little Christmas is a Christmas album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released by Unison Music in 1995 . It gives an adult contemporary treatment to songs that Williams had previously recorded for 1963 's "The Andy Williams Christmas Album" ( "Away In A Manger" , "The Christmas Song ( Chestnuts Roasting On An Open Fire )" , "It 's The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year" , "Silent Night" ) , 1965 's "Merry Christmas" ( "Mary 's Little Boy Child" ) , 1974 's "Christmas Present" ( "Angels We Have Heard On High" , "Hark ! The Herald Angels Sing" , "I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day" , "What Child Is This" ) , and 1990 's "I Still Believe in Santa Claus" ( "I 'll Be Home for Christmas" ) and includes three songs that Williams had not recorded before . In a brief note on the back of the jewel case Williams writes , "These all-new recordings feature fresh , innovative arrangements of some of my favorite carols . I felt like I was singing them for the very first time ." "Hark ! The Herald Angels Sing" is a Christmas carol that first appeared in 1739 in the collection "Hymns and Sacred Poems" , having been written by Charles Wesley . Wesley had requested and received slow and solemn music for his lyrics , not the joyful tune expected today . Moreover , Wesley 's original opening couplet is "Hark ! how all the welkin rings / Glory to the King of Kings" .
André Léon Marie Nicolas Rieu ( born 1 October 1949 ) is a Dutch violinist and conductor best known for creating the waltz-playing Johann Strauss Orchestra . Together they have turned classical and waltz music into a worldwide concert touring act , as successful as some of the biggest global pop and rock music acts . The Johann Strauss Orchestra was founded by André Rieu in 1987 . At the time of its first concert on January 1 , 1988 , the orchestra consisted of 12 musicians . By 2008 the orchestra had expanded to 43 members and has performed regularly with guest musicians and singers such as Carla Maffioletti , Mirusia Louwerse , Carmen Monarcha and the Platin Tenors . The orchestra is well known for performing classical works with a distinctly unorthodox frivolity , joking with the audience and performing all sorts of antics .
The prevalence of drug use in the Philippines is lower than the global average , according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) . Two of the most used and valuable illegal drugs in the country are methamphetamine hydrochloride ( shabu ) and marijuana . Ephedrine and methylenedioxy methamphetamine are also among the list of illegal drugs that are of great concern to the authorities . Ephedrine is a medication and stimulant . It is often used to prevent low blood pressure during spinal anesthesia . It has also been used for asthma , narcolepsy , and obesity but is not the preferred treatment . It is of unclear benefit in nasal congestion . It can be taken by mouth or by injection into a muscle , vein , or just under the skin . Onset with intravenous use is fast , while injection into a muscle can take 20 minutes , and by mouth can take an hour for effect . When given by injection it lasts about an hour and when taken by mouth it can last up to four hours .
The University of New Mexico ( also referred to as UNM ) is a public research university in Albuquerque , New Mexico . It is New Mexico 's flagship research institution , the largest post-secondary institution in the state in total enrollment across all campuses as of 2012 , and one of the state 's largest employers . Kettering University ( formerly General Motors Institute of Technology ) is a private cooperative education and experiential learning-based university in Flint , Michigan , offering bachelor 's and master 's degrees in STEM ( Science , Technology , Engineering , and Mathematics ) and business fields .
Michael Fred Phelps II ( born June 30 , 1985 ) is an American former competitive swimmer and the most decorated Olympian of all time , with a total of 28 medals . Phelps also holds the all-time records for Olympic gold medals ( 23 ) , Olympic gold medals in individual events ( 13 ) , and Olympic medals in individual events ( 16 ) . In winning eight gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Games , Phelps broke fellow American swimmer Mark Spitz 's 1972 record of seven first-place finishes at any single Olympic Games . At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Phelps had already tied the record of eight medals of any color at a single Games by winning six gold and two bronze medals . At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , Phelps won four gold and two silver medals , and at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , he won five gold medals and one silver . This made him the most successful athlete of the Games for the fourth Olympics in a row . Klete D. Keller ( born March 21 , 1982 ) is an American former competition swimmer who won medals at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics in the 400-meter freestyle and the 4×200-meter freestyle relay . In the 4×200-meter freestyle relay , Keller held off a charging Ian Thorpe in the anchor leg to win the race by 0.13 seconds . This was the first time Australia had been beaten in the event in over seven years . The American relay of Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Vanderkaay , and Keller are undefeated since the Athens games . Vanderkaay , Larsen Jensen , Erik Vendt , and Keller make up the core of the premier American mid-distance/distance freestyle swimmers .
Isabella Lucy Bird , married name Bishop { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 15 October 1831 – 7 October 1904 ) , was a nineteenth-century English explorer , writer , photographer , and naturalist . With Fanny Jane Butler she founded the John Bishop Memorial hospital in Srinagar . She was the first woman to be elected Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society . Unbeaten Tracks in Japan ( 日本奥地紀行 , Nihon Okuchi Kikō ) is a travel diary written by Isabella Bird of her trip to Japan in 1878 , at the age of 47 . It was first published in English in 1881 by G. P. Putnam 's Sons . It was later translated into Japanese by Tsurukichi Itō .
William McKinley ( January 29 , 1843 – September 14 , 1901 ) was the 25th President of the United States from March 4 , 1897 until his assassination in September 1901 , six months into his second term . McKinley led the nation to victory in the Spanish–American War , raised protective tariffs to promote American industry , and maintained the nation on the gold standard in a rejection of inflationary proposals . The Tariff Act of 1890 , commonly called the McKinley Tariff , was an act of the United States Congress framed by Representative William McKinley that became law on October 1 , 1890 . The tariff raised the average duty on imports to almost fifty percent , an act designed to protect domestic industries from foreign competition . Protectionism , a tactic supported by Republicans , was fiercely debated by politicians and condemned by Democrats . The McKinley Tariff was replaced with the Wilson–Gorman Tariff Act in 1894 , which promptly lowered tariff rates .
Tandy Corporation was an American family-owned leather goods company based in Fort Worth , Texas . Tandy Leather was founded in 1919 as a leather supply store and acquired a number of craft retail companies , including RadioShack in 1963 . In 2000 , the Tandy Corporation name was dropped and the entity became the RadioShack Corporation . DeskMate was a software application that provided an operating environment that competed with early versions of Microsoft Windows . It originally was made for Tandy 's TRS-DOS Operating System and for their TRS-80 line of computers , but eventually shifted to PC , where it was developed using C and Assembly . Like Windows ( and other competitors from the time , such as GEM ) , it was not a full operating system , requiring a separate disk operating system in order to function . Although the initial PC ports would only run on Tandy 's PCs ( such as the Tandy 1000 ) , the introduction of the true PC-compatible computers such as the Tandy 3000 resulted in the software later being made available for other compatibles .
Jesse James Dupree ( born September 22 , 1962 ) is an American musician , television personality , and businessman . Dupree is the lead singer , guitarist , and primary songwriter in the rock band Jackyl , founded in 1991 . George Michael Dolenz , Jr. ( born March 8 , 1945 ) is an American actor , musician , television director , radio personality and theater director , best known as a vocalist and drummer of the 1960s pop/rock band the Monkees .
MiMA , which stands for "Middle of Manhattan" , is a mixed-use building located at 450 West 42nd Street between Dyer and 10th Avenues in the Hell 's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City . Ground was broken in 2007 and topping out occurred in early August 2010 . It was designed by the Miami-based architecture firm of Arquitectonica , and has 43 floors of luxury rentals on floors 7 to 50 , twelve floors of condominiums on floors 51 to 63 , and a Yotel hotel on the lower levels . The building 's height is 204 meters ( 670 feet ) . 270 Park Avenue ( also known as the JPMorgan Chase Tower and formerly the Union Carbide Building ) is a high-rise office building located in Midtown Manhattan , New York City . It was designed by Natalie de Blois for Skidmore , Owings & Merrill .
The Epic Poker League was a series of poker tournaments which took place in 2011 , organised by Federated Sports + Gaming . Former World Series of Poker commissioner Jeffrey Pollack served as Executive Chairman , professional poker player Annie Duke was Commissioner , and Matt Savage was Tournament Director . The three events held took place at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas , Nevada . Season One received television coverage on CBS and Velocity Network . Anne LaBarr "Annie" Duke ( née Lederer ; September 13 , 1965 ) is an American professional poker player and author . She holds a World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) gold bracelet from 2004 and used to be the leading money winner among women in WSOP history ( a title now held by Vanessa Selbst ) . Duke won the 2004 World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions and the National Heads-Up Poker Championship in 2010 . She has written a number of instructional books for poker players , including "Decide to Play Great Poker" and "The Middle Zone" , and she published her autobiography , "How I Raised , Folded , Bluffed , Flirted , Cursed , and Won Millions at the World Series of Poker" , in 2005 .
Thirukkalachery ( Tamil : திருக்களாச்சேரி ) is a small village in Nagapattinam District , Tranquebar ( Tharangambadi ) Taluk , Tamil Nadu , India . Tharangambadi , formerly Tranquebar , is a town in the Nagapattinam district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu . It lies 15 km north of Karaikal , near the mouth of a distributary of the Kaveri River . Tharangambadi is the headquarters of Tharangambadi taluk while its name means "place of the singing waves" . It was a Danish colony from 1620 to 1845 , and in Danish it is still known as "Trankebar" .
Big Fish Theory is the second studio album by American rapper Vince Staples . It was released on June 23 , 2017 , by ARTium Recordings , Blacksmith Records and Def Jam Recordings . Featuring an avant-garde style that leans toward electronic club music genres such as house and Detroit techno , it contains production work from Zack Sekoff , Sophie , Ray Brady , Jimmy Edgar , GTA , Justin Vernon and Flume , among others ; as well as vocal contributions from a variety of artists including Kilo Kish , Kendrick Lamar , Juicy J , Ty Dolla Sign , Damon Albarn , Ray J and ASAP Rocky . Detroit techno is a type of techno music that generally includes the first techno productions by Detroit-based artists during the 1980s and early 1990s . Detroit has been cited as the birthplace of techno . Prominent Detroit techno artists include Juan Atkins , Eddie Fowlkes , Derrick May , Jeff Mills , Kevin Saunderson , Blake Baxter , Santonio Echols , Will Thomas and Mike Banks .
Barton Lee Hazlewood ( July 9 , 1929 – August 4 , 2007 ) was an American country and pop singer , songwriter , and record producer , most widely known for his work with guitarist Duane Eddy during the late 1950s and singer Nancy Sinatra in the 1960s . "These Boots Are Made for Walkin ' is a hit song written by Lee Hazlewood and recorded by Nancy Sinatra . It charted January 22 , 1966 and reached No . 1 in the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 and in the UK Singles Chart .
McCarthyism is the practice of making accusations of subversion or treason without proper regard for evidence . The term refers to U.S . Senator Joseph McCarthy and has its origins in the period in the United States known as the Second Red Scare , lasting roughly from 1947 to 1956 and characterized by heightened political repression as well as a campaign spreading fear of influence on American institutions and of espionage by Soviet agents . Alexander "Alex" Trachtenberg ( 1884–1966 ) was an American publisher of radical political books and pamphlets , founder and manager of International Publishers of New York . He was a longtime activist in the Socialist Party of America and later in the Communist Party USA . For more than eight decades , his International Publishers was a part of the publishing arm of the American communist movement . He served as a member of the CPUSA 's Central Control Committee . During the period of McCarthyism in America , Trachtenberg was twice subject to prosecution and convicted under the Smith Act ; the convictions were overturned , the first by recanting of a government witness and the second by a US Circuit Court of Appeals decision in 1958 .
Miguel Jontel Pimentel ( born October 23 , 1985 ) , better known as Miguel , is an American singer , songwriter , actor and record producer . Raised in Los Angeles , he began creating music at age thirteen . After signing to Jive Records in 2007 , Miguel released his debut studio album , "All I Want Is You" , in November 2010 . Although it was underpromoted upon its release , the album became a sleeper hit and helped Miguel garner commercial standing . Andrew Philip DeCaro ( born September 1 , 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Dru Decaro , is an American musician , singer/songwriter and producer . He is best known as the lead guitarist for Grammy-winning RnB artist Miguel and has also performed with Snoop Dogg , Will.I.Am , John Legend , Ice Cube , Faith Hill , Lil Jon , Jojo , and Andy Grammer .
Flashback , released as Flashback : The Quest for Identity in the United States , is a 1992 science fiction cinematic platform game developed by Delphine Software of France and published by U.S. Gold in United States and Europe , and Sunsoft in Japan . Fade to Black is an action-adventure game developed by Delphine Software International and published by Electronic Arts . It is the sequel to the 1992 video game "Flashback" . The game was released for MS-DOS and PlayStation . Planned Nintendo 64 and Sega Saturn versions were cancelled .
Hauppauge Union Free School District is a school district based in Hauppauge , New York . It is near the Commack School District and Half Hollow Hills Central School District , as well as the Syosset Central School District and Jericho Union Free School District in Nassau County Jericho Union Free School District ( or Jericho UFSD ) is an American School district in Jericho , New York . It began in 1959 with the completion of Jericho High School . The district contains three elementary schools , one middle school and one high school . The current Superintendent of Schools is Henry L. Grishman .
Det norske Theater is a former theatre in Bergen , Norway , and regarded as the first pure Norwegian stage theatre . It opened in 1850 by primus motor , violinist Ole Bull , and closed in 1863 , after a bankruptcy . The theatre 's first production was Holberg 's comedy "Den Vægelsindede" , and the opening was on 2 January 1850 . The theatre played at the old comedy house built in 1800 . Ludvig Holberg , Baron of Holberg ( 3 December 1684 – 28 January 1754 ) was a writer , essayist , philosopher , historian and playwright born in Bergen , Norway , during the time of the Dano-Norwegian double monarchy . He was influenced by Humanism , the Enlightenment and the Baroque . Holberg is considered the founder of modern Danish and Norwegian literature , and is best known for the comedies he wrote in 1722–1723 for the Lille Grønnegade Theatre in Copenhagen . Holberg 's works about natural and common law were widely read by many Danish law students over two hundred years , from 1736 to 1936 .
277 Park Avenue is an office building in the Midtown Manhattan neighborhood of New York City . It stands on the east side of Park Avenue between East 47th and 48th Streets ; it is 687 ft tall , with 50 floors . 126 Madison Avenue ( also known as 15 East 30th Street ) is a proposed residential skyscraper under development by Fosun Property in NoMad , Manhattan , New York City . The building will rise 47 stories or 730 feet , and is expected to be completed by 2018 . J.D . Carisle Development Corp. is co-developing the project with Fosun Group , and Handel Architects is designing . The developers are planned to begin construction in the second half of 2015 .
Otto III ( June/July 980 – 23 January 1002 ) was Holy Roman Emperor from 996 until his early death in 1002 . A member of the Ottonian dynasty , Otto III was the only son of the Emperor Otto II and his wife Theophanu . Ezzo ( 955 – 21 March 1034 ) , sometimes called Ehrenfried , a member of the Ezzonid dynasty , was Count Palatine of Lotharingia from 1015 until his death . As brother-in-law of Emperor Otto III , father of Queen Richeza of Poland and several other illustrious children , he was one of the most important figures of the Rhenish history of his time .
Mary Celeste ( often misreported as "Marie Celeste" ) was an American merchant brigantine , discovered adrift and deserted in the Atlantic Ocean , off the Azores Islands , on December 5 , 1872 . The Canadian brigantine "Dei Gratia" found her in a dishevelled but seaworthy condition , under partial sail , and with her lifeboat missing . The last entry in her log was dated ten days earlier . She had left New York City for Genoa on November 7 , and on discovery was still amply provisioned . Her cargo of denatured alcohol was intact , and the captain 's and crew 's personal belongings were undisturbed . None of those who had been on board were ever seen or heard from again . Benjamin Spooner Briggs ( April 24 , 1835 – probably November 1872 ) was an experienced United States seaman and master mariner . He is famous today for being the Captain of the merchant ship "Mary Celeste" when she was discovered unmanned and drifting in the Atlantic Ocean near the Straits of Gibraltar , on December 4 , 1872 . The lifeboat was missing , yet the "Mary Celeste" herself was still under sail and there were signs of a sudden and unexplained abandonment . Benjamin Briggs , his wife Sarah and two-year-old daughter Sophia Matilda , along with the crew of the "Mary Celeste" , the lifeboat and sextant , were never found and presumed lost .
Father Jean-Pierre Aulneau de la Touche , S.J . ( 21 April 1705 – 8 June 1736 ) was a Jesuit missionary priest who was briefly active in New France and killed before he could take part in his first major assignment which was to be an expedition to the Mandan . He died near Fort St. Charles , on Lake of the Woods in an area now in Ontario , Canada and Minnesota , United States . He was killed while traveling with Jean Baptiste de La Vérendrye , and is often referred to as "Minnesota 's Forgotten Martyr ." The Mandan are a Native American tribe residing in North Dakota . They are enrolled in the Three Affiliated Tribes of the Fort Berthold Reservation . About half of the Mandan still reside in the area of the reservation ; the rest reside around the United States and in Canada .
Eriogonum is the scientific name for a genus of flowering plants in the family Polygonaceae . The genus is found in North America and is known as wild buckwheat . This is a highly species-rich genus , and indications are that active speciation is continuing . It includes some common wildflowers such as the California buckwheat ( "Eriogonum fasciculatum" ) . Aloinopsis is a genus of ice plants from South Africa .
Pizza Inn is an American restaurant chain and international food franchise , specializing in American-style pan pizza and side dishes . The company is based in the Dallas suburb of The Colony , Texas . Papa Gino 's , Inc. is a restaurant chain based in Dedham , Massachusetts specializing in American-style pizza along with pasta , subs , salads , and a variety of appetizers . There are over 150 Papa Gino 's locations in Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , and Rhode Island .
Alexander Nouri ( Persian : الکساندر نوری‎ ‎ , ] ) ( born 20 August 1979 ) is a retired Iranian-German footballer and current coach of Werder Bremen . He played professionally for 14 years with Werder Bremen , Seattle Sounders , Uerdingen 05 , VfL Osnabrück , Holstein Kiel and VfB Oldenburg . VfL Osnabrück is a German multi-sport club in Osnabrück , Lower Saxony . It currently fields teams in basketball , gymnastics , swimming , table tennis , and tennis , but is by far best known for its football section .
Not Another B Movie is a 2010 American satirical comedy film written and directed by John Wesley Norton which peers into the processes of making a low-budget horror film . The film stars Byron Thames , Larry Thomas , James Vallo , David Faustino , Joe Estevez , and Ed Asner . Joseph "Joe" Estevez ( born February 13 , 1946 ) is an American actor , director and producer . He is the younger brother of actor Martin Sheen and the uncle of Emilio Estevez , Charlie Sheen , Renée Estevez and Ramon Estevez .
East Is East is a 1999 British comedy-drama film written by Ayub Khan-Din and directed by Damien O'Donnell . It is set in Salford , Lancashire , in 1971 , in a mixed-ethnicity British household headed by Pakistani father George ( Om Puri ) and an English mother , Ella ( Linda Bassett ) . Ben Keaton ( born 1956 ) is an Irish actor who appeared as Jeff Brannigan in ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" . He appeared in BBC 's "Casualty" playing the part of Spencer between 1999-2002 . He guest starred as Father Austin Purcell in "Think Fast , Father Ted" , an episode of the Channel 4 's sitcom "Father Ted" . He had a small part in the British film "East is East" as a priest .
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC is the holding company of Jaguar Land Rover Limited , a British multinational automotive company with its headquarters in Whitley , Coventry , United Kingdom , and a subsidiary of Indian automaker Tata Motors . The principal activity of Jaguar Land Rover Limited is the design , development , manufacture and sale of vehicles bearing the Jaguar and Land Rover ( including Range Rover ) marques . Both marques have long and complex histories prior to their merger , going back to the 1940s , first coming together in 1968 as part of the ill-fated British Leyland conglomerate ; and later existed independently of each other as subsidiaries of BMW ( in the case of Land Rover ) , and Ford Motor Company ( in the case of Jaguar ) ; Ford later acquired Land Rover from BMW in 2000 following the break-up of the former Rover Group ; which was effectively the remainder of British Leyland . Robert Melville is a British car designer currently working as Design Director at McLaren Automotive . He previously worked with Jaguar Land Rover and General Motors .
Willem van Oldenbarnevelt , "Lord of Stoutenburg" ( 1590 – before 1638 ) was a son of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt . He was born in The Hague , where he was baptised at the court-chapel in November 1590 . Johan van Oldenbarnevelt ( ] ) , Lord of Berkel en Rodenrijs ( 1600 ) , Gunterstein ( 1611 ) and Bakkum ( 1613 ) ( 14 September 1547 – 13 May 1619 ) was a Dutch statesman who played an important role in the Dutch struggle for independence from Spain .
John Hoyer Updike ( March 18 , 1932 – January 27 , 2009 ) was an American novelist , poet , short story writer , art critic , and literary critic . One of only three writers to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction more than once ( the others were Booth Tarkington and William Faulkner ) , Updike published more than twenty novels , more than a dozen short-story collections , as well as poetry , art and literary criticism and children 's books during his career . Bret Easton Ellis ( born March 7 , 1964 ) is an American author , screenwriter , and short story writer . His works have been translated into 27 languages . He was at first regarded as one of the so-called literary Brat Pack , which also included Tama Janowitz and Jay McInerney . He is a self-proclaimed satirist , whose trademark technique , as a writer , is the expression of extreme acts and opinions in an affectless style . Ellis employs a technique of linking novels with common , recurring characters .
Nickelodeon Africa is a 24-hour children 's channel . Nickelodeon currently reaches 1.5 million households in 49 countries across the continent . Di-Gata Defenders is a Canadian action/adventure , science fiction , fantasy animated series created by Greg Collinson , LuxAnimation , and Nelvana Entertainment . In North America , the show has aired on Teletoon in Canada and on Fox network 's 4Kids TV block on July 28 , 2007 . Internationally , the series aired on the Cartoon Network in Australia , Maori Television in New Zealand , Astro Ceria in Malaysia , Hero TV in the Philippines on November 3 , 2006 , Jetix and Kix ! in the UK , Disney XD in The Netherlands and Nickelodeon ( KTV ) , ( Nickelodeon ( Africa ) ) in South Africa .
Clement Richard Attlee , 1st Earl Attlee , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 3 January 1883 – 8 October 1967 ) was a British Labour politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1945 to 1951 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1935 to 1955 . In 1940 , Attlee took Labour into the wartime coalition government and served under Winston Churchill , becoming the first person to hold the office of Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom . He went on to lead the Labour Party to an unexpected landslide victory at the 1945 general election ; forming the first Labour majority government , and a mandate to implement its postwar reforms . The 12.0 % national swing from the Conservatives to Labour was unprecedented at that time and remains the largest ever achieved by any party at a general election in British electoral history . He was re-elected with a narrow majority at the 1950 general election . In the following year , Attlee called a snap general election , hoping to increase his parliamentary majority . However , he was narrowly defeated by the Conservatives under the leadership of Winston Churchill ; despite winning the most votes of any political party in any general election in British political history until the Conservative Party 's fourth consecutive victory in 1992 . Attlee remains the longest-ever serving Leader of the Labour Party . The 1948 Commonwealth Prime Ministers ' Conference was the third Meeting of the Heads of Government of the British Commonwealth . It was held in the United Kingdom in October 1948 , and was hosted by that country 's Prime Minister , Clement Attlee .
East Knoyle is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , in the south west of England . The village lies just west of the A350 road about 9 mi south of Warminster and 5 mi north of Shaftesbury , Dorset . It is the birthplace of Sir Christopher Wren . Sir Christopher Wren PRS ( ; 30 October 1632 [ O.S . 20 October ] – 8 March 1723 [ O.S . 25 February ] ) is one of the most highly acclaimed English architects in history .
George E. Blake ( b . 17 August 1774 England ; d. 23 February 1871 Philadelphia ) was an American music engraver and publisher . He was born in Yorkshire , England and , according to his obituary in the "Philadelphia Evening Telegraph" , emigrated to the United States when he was sixteen . Other sources disagree on the exact year he arrived in America . What is clear though is that by 1793 , he began teaching the flute and the clarinet in Philadelphia , operating out of a room above the shop of music publisher John Aitken on South Third Street . During this period , the city was being ravaged by an outbreak of yellow fever . Unlike many others , Blake chose to stay instead of fleeing the city . He remained in Philadelphia for the rest of his long life . Yorkshire ( or ; abbreviated Yorks ) , formally known as the County of York , is a historic county of Northern England and the largest in the United Kingdom . Due to its great size in comparison to other English counties , functions have been undertaken over time by its subdivisions , which have also been subject to periodic reform . Throughout these changes , Yorkshire has continued to be recognised as a geographical territory and cultural region . The name is familiar and well understood across the United Kingdom and is in common use in the media and the military , and also features in the titles of current areas of civil administration such as North Yorkshire , South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire and East Riding of Yorkshire .
The Kingdom of Dalmatia ( Croatian : "Kraljevina Dalmacija" ; German : "Königreich Dalmatien" ; Italian : "Regno di Dalmazia" ) was a crown land of the Austrian Empire ( 1815–1867 ) and the "Cisleithanian" half of Austria-Hungary ( 1867–1918 ) . It encompassed the entirety of the region of Dalmatia , with its capital at Zadar . Parliamentary elections were held in Kingdom of Dalmatia for the newly formed parliament in 1861 .
Craig Robert Nicholls ( born 31 August 1977 ) is an Australian musician , best known as the lead singer , songwriter , and guitarist of the Australian alternative rock band The Vines , of which he is the only mainstay member . Norman Blake ( born 20 October 1965 , Bellshill , North Lanarkshire , Scotland ) is a singer , instrumentalist and songwriter in the Glasgow based band Teenage Fanclub .
Richard Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison ( born April 27 , 1983 ) is an American businessman and reality television personality , known as a cast member of the History TV series "Pawn Stars" , which documents his work at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in Las Vegas , which he co-owns with his father , Rick Harrison , and grandfather , Richard Benjamin Harrison . Pawnography is an American game show broadcast by History . Hosted by comedian Christopher Titus and featuring "Pawn Stars" personalities Rick Harrison , Corey Harrison and Austin "Chumlee" Russell as panelists , the series features contestants answering questions for a chance to win cash and items for sale from the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop ( where "Pawn Stars" is taped ) . The show premiered July 10 , 2014 , at 10 p.m . ET , following "Pawn Stars" .
Lois McMaster Bujold ( ; born November 2 , 1949 ) is an American speculative fiction writer . She is one of the most acclaimed writers in her field , having won the Hugo Award for best novel four times , matching Robert A. Heinlein 's record , not counting his Retro Hugo . Her novella "The Mountains of Mourning" won both the Hugo Award and Nebula Award . In the fantasy genre , "The Curse of Chalion" won the Mythopoeic Award for Adult Literature and was nominated for the 2002 World Fantasy Award for best novel , and both her fourth Hugo Award and second Nebula Award were for "Paladin of Souls" . In 2011 she was awarded the Skylark Award . In 2013 she was awarded the Forry Award . In 2017 she won a Hugo Award for Best Series , for the Vorkosigan Saga . Bernard Malamud ( April 26 , 1914 – March 18 , 1986 ) was an American novelist and short story writer . Along with Saul Bellow and Philip Roth , he was one of the best known American Jewish authors of the 20th century . His baseball novel , "The Natural" , was adapted into a 1984 film starring Robert Redford . His 1966 novel "The Fixer" ( also filmed ) , about antisemitism in Tsarist Russia , won both the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize .
Wing Chun ( ) is a traditional Southern Chinese martial art specializing in close range combat . It is known for being economical , direct and efficient . . In Wing Chun martial arts , Pak Sao is a blocking technique similar to a parry used in boxing . With "Pak Sao" , the hand comes directly out of the center of the body to slap away an attacker 's strike to one 's head . Effective application of "Pak Sao" involves creating an angle of deflection through which the opponent 's blow can be slapped away with minimal effort .
What Would Jesus Buy ? is a 2007 documentary film produced by Morgan Spurlock and directed by Rob VanAlkemade . The title is a take-off on the phrase "What would Jesus do ? ". The film debuted on the festival circuit on March 11 , 2007 , at the South By Southwest ( SXSW ) conference in Austin , Texas . It went into general U.S. release on November 16 , 2007 . The Living Desert is a 1953 American nature documentary film that shows the everyday lives of the animals of the desert of the Southwestern United States . The movie was written by James Algar , Winston Hibler , Jack Moffitt ( uncredited ) and Ted Sears . It was directed by Algar , with Hibler as the narrator and was filmed in Tucson , Arizona . The film won the 1953 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature .
The Journal of Computational Finance is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering advances in numerical and computational techniques in pricing , hedging , and risk management of financial instruments . It was established in 1997 and is published by Incisive Risk Information . The editor-in-chief is Cornelis Oosterlee ( National Research Center for Mathematics and Computer Science and Delft University of Technology ) . According to the "Journal Citation Reports" , the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 0.500 . A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment . In simple language , a hedge is used to reduce any substantial losses or gains suffered by an individual or an organization .
Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev ( Russian : Серге́й Алекса́ндрович То́карев , 29 December 1899 – 19 April 1985 ) was a Russian scholar , ethnographer , historian , researcher of religious beliefs , doctor of historical sciences , and professor at Moscow State University . Lomonosov Moscow State University ( MSU ; Russian : Московский государственный университет имени М. В. Ломоносова , often abbreviated МГУ ) is a coeducational and public research university located in Moscow , Russia . It was founded on January 25 , 1755 by Mikhail Lomonosov . MSU was renamed after Lomonosov in 1940 and was then known as "Lomonosov University" . It also houses the tallest educational building in the world . It is rated among the universities with the best reputation in the world . Its current rector is Viktor Sadovnichiy .
Archie A. Peck ( November 22 , 1894 – September 15 , 1978 ) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I . While serving as a private foot soldier in the US 77th Division during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive , his unit ended up with several others behind German lines , in what was later known as "the Lost Battalion" . This was the bloodiest battle of the war involving US troops . Peck acted gallantly in the surrounding unit , saving two wounded men under machine gun fire . The Lost Battalion is the name given to nine companies of the United States 77th Division , roughly 554 men , isolated by German forces during World War I after an American attack in the Argonne Forest in October 1918 . Roughly 197 were killed in action and approximately 150 missing or taken prisoner before 194 remaining men were rescued . They were led by Major Charles White Whittlesey . On 2 October , the division quickly advanced into the Argonne , under the belief that French forces were supporting the left flank and two American units including the 92nd Division were supporting the right flank . Unknown to Whittlesey 's unit , the French advance had been stalled . Without this knowledge , the Americans had moved beyond the rest of the Allied line and found themselves completely cut off and surrounded by German forces . For the next six days , suffering heavy losses , the men of the division were forced to fight off several attacks by the Germans .
K. S. Babu is a theoretical physicist , regents professor and interim head of the Department of Physics at Oklahoma State University . He received his PhD in 1986 from the University of Hawaii , under the supervision of Ernest Ma . The University of Hawaiʻi system ( formally the University of Hawaiʻi and popularly known as U.H . ) is a public , co-educational college and university system that confers associate , bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees through three university campuses , seven community college campuses , an employment training center , three university centers , four education centers and various other research facilities distributed across six islands throughout the State of Hawaii in the United States . All schools of the University of Hawaii system are accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges . The U.H . system 's main administrative offices are located on the property of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa in Honolulu CDP .
Jang Hyun-seung ( ; born September 3 , 1989 ) most often credited as Hyunseung , is a South Korean singer . He is best known as a former member of the boy group Beast , under the label Cube Entertainment . With Beast , he has released singles and albums in both Korean and Japanese . Beast won the Artist of the Year ( Daesang ) award at the Melon Music Awards in 2011 . David Jack Peverett ( 16 April 1943 – 7 February 2000 ) , also known as Lonesome Dave , was an English singer and musician , best known as the original lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the rock band Foghat , which he founded following his tenure in Savoy Brown .
Suzanne N.J. 'Susie ' Chun Oakland is a Democratic member of the Hawaii Senate , representing the 13th District since 1996 . Previously she was a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives from 1990-96 . She is generally considered to have liberal political views . The Hawaiʻi State Senate is the upper chamber of the Hawaii State Legislature . The senate consists of twenty-five members elected from an equal number of constituent districts across the islands . The senate is led by the President of the Senate , elected from the membership of the body , currently Ron Kouchi . The forerunner of the Hawaii State Senate during the government of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻ i was the House of Nobles originated in 1840 . In 1894 the Constitution of the Republic of Hawaii renamed the upper house the present senate . Senators are elected to four-year terms and are not subject to term limits . Like most state legislatures in the United States , the Hawaii State Senate is a part-time body and senators often have active careers outside government . The lower chamber of the legislature is the Hawaiʻi House of Representatives . The membership of the Senate also elects additional officers to include the Senate Vice President , Senate Chief Clerk , Assistant Chief Clerk , Senate Sergeant at Arms and Assistant Sergeant at Arms .
F.C . Internazionale Milano , commonly referred to as Internazionale ( ] ) or simply Inter and colloquially known as Inter Milan outside Italy , is a professional Italian football club based in Milan , Lombardy . The club has played continuously in the top tier of the Italian football league system since its debut in 1909 . Gabriel Barbosa Almeida ( born 30 August 1996 ) , known as Gabriel or "Gabigol" , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portuguese club Benfica , on loan from Italian club Internazionale , and the Brazil national team .
Born 2 B.R.E.E.D . is a 1993 single by Monie Love . The single was written by Monie Love , Prince , and Levi Seacer Jr. "Born 2 B.R.E.E.D ." was Monie Love 's second release from her , In a Word or 2 album . B.R.E.E.D . is an acronym for "Build Relationships where Education and Enlightenment Dominate" . Prince Rogers Nelson ( June 7 , 1958 – April 21 , 2016 ) was an American singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and record producer . He was a musical innovator who was known for his eclectic work , flamboyant stage presence , extravagant dress and makeup , and wide vocal range . His music integrates a wide variety of styles , including funk , rock , R & B , new wave , soul , psychedelia , and pop . He has sold over 100 million records worldwide , making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time . He won seven Grammy Awards , an American Music Award , a Golden Globe Award , and an Academy Award for the film "Purple Rain" . He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004 , his first year of eligibility .
Pleiospilos is a genus of succulent flowering plants of the Aizoaceae family , native to South Africa . The name is derived from the Greek "pleios" "many" and "spìlos" "spot" . The plants are also known as kwaggavy ( "Quagga mesemb" ) , lewerplant ( "liver plant" ) , lewervygie ( "liver mesemb" ) , klipplant ( "stone plant" ) , split rock or mimicry plant . Pueraria is a genus of 15–20 species of plants native to Asia . "Pueraria" flower is used in traditional Chinese medicine to reduce reactions to alcohol consumption , and is undergoing scientific study for that use .
The Priory is a play by Michael Wynne that opened at the downstairs theatre of the Royal Court Theatre in London in 2009 . The production starred Jessica Hynes , Rupert Penry-Jones , Charlotte Riley , Alastair Mackenzie , Joseph Millson and Rachael Stirling . After receiving good reviews , its run was extended . Michael Wynne won the Olivier Award for 'Best New Comedy ' for "The Priory" . Stirling was nominated for a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role for her role as Rebecca . Charlotte Louise Riley ( born 29 December 1981 ) is an English actress . She is known for her roles as Sarah Hurst in "Easy Virtue" and as Catherine Earnshaw in ITV 's adaptation of "Wuthering Heights" .
Isabella Kelly , née Fordyce , also Isabella Hedgeland ( born at Cairnburgh Castle in the Scottish Highlands and baptised on 4 May 1759 – died on 25 June 1857 in London ) was a Scottish novelist and poet . Cairnburgh Castle is a ruined castle that is located on the islands of Cairn na Burgh Mòr and Cairn na Burgh Beag , Argyll and Bute , Scotland . These islands are at the northern extremity of the Treshnish Isles at the mouth of Loch Tuath , Mull north of Iona . 1991 's "The Changing Scottish Landscape" characterizes it as "one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain ... [ and ] also one of the strangest ."
Fall River Heritage State Park is a history-themed public recreation area on the Taunton River in Fall River , Massachusetts . The state park encompasses 14 acre beside the Charles M. Braga Jr. Memorial Bridge on Battleship Cove , home of the World War II battleship USS "Massachusetts" . The park is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation . USS "Massachusetts" ( BB-59 ) , known as "Big Mamie" to her crewmembers during World War II , was a battleship of the second "South Dakota" class . She was the seventh ship of the United States Navy to be named in honor of the sixth state , and one of two ships of her class ( along with her sister "Alabama" ) to be donated for use as a museum ship . "Massachusetts" has the distinction of having fired the US Navy 's first and last 16-in ( 406 mm ) shells of the war .
Michael I ( Romanian : "Mihai I" ] ; born 25 October 1921 ) reigned as King of Romania , from 20 July 1927 to 8 June 1930 and again from 6 September 1940 until his abdication on 30 December 1947 . Nicholas Michael de Roumanie Medforth-Mills ( born 1 April 1985 ) is the eldest child and only son of Princess Elena of Romania and Robin Medforth-Mills . As a grandson of the former king of Romania , Michael I , he was third in line to the defunct throne of Romania according to a new family statute enacted in 2007 , that also conferred the title of a "Prince of Romania" on him which was abrogated in 2015 . The statute , and the titles it confers , have no standing in present Romanian law .
Ali Akbar Khan ( 14 April 192218 June 2009 ) was a Hindustani classical musician of the Maihar gharana , known for his virtuosity in playing the sarod . Trained as a classical musician and instrumentalist by his father , Allauddin Khan , Khan also composed several classical "ragas" and film scores . He established a music school in Calcutta in 1956 , and the Ali Akbar College of Music in 1967 , which moved with him to the USA and is now based in San Rafael , California , with a branch in Basel , Switzerland . The Ali Akbar College of Music ( AACM ) is the name of three schools founded by Indian musician Ali Akbar Khan to teach Indian classical music . The first was founded in 1956 in Calcutta , India . The second was founded in 1967 in Berkeley , California , but moved to its current location in San Rafael , California the next year . The third was founded in 1985 in Basel , Switzerland and is run by Khan 's disciple Ken Zuckerman .
Ben McNiece ( born 22 March 1992 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . He was recruited by Essendon as a category B rookie through the next generation academy in November 2016 , qualifying by virtue of his mother being Indian . He had previously played for Essendon 's VFL team for the prior two seasons . He made his AFL debut in the Anzac Day clash against Collingwood at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in round five of the 2017 season in an eighteen-point win . The Anzac Day clash is an annual Australian rules football match between Collingwood and Essendon , held on Anzac Day ( 25 April ) at the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ) .
( ) is a county-level city in northeastern Ningde prefecture level city , on Fujian 's border with Zhejiang province . Yingkou ( ) is a prefecture-level city of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China . It is a port city of the Bohai Sea , and is the location of the mouth of the Liao River .
Nothoscordum is a genus of New World plants in the onion tribe within the Amaryllis family . It is probably paraphyletic . The genus is native to North and South America , though a few species have become naturalized in various parts of the Old World . Callirhoe is a genus of flowering plants in the mallow family , Malvaceae . Its nine species are commonly known as poppy mallows and all are native to the prairies and grasslands of North America . Of the nine , some are annuals while others are perennial plants .
The Sorrow and the Pity ( French : Le Chagrin et la Pitié ) is a two-part 1969 documentary film by Marcel Ophüls about the collaboration between the Vichy government and Nazi Germany during World War II . The film uses interviews with a German officer , collaborators , and resistance fighters from Clermont-Ferrand . They comment on the nature of and reasons for collaboration . The reasons include antisemitism , anglophobia , fear of Bolsheviks and Soviet invasion , the desire for power , and simple caution . War/Dance is a 2007 American documentary film written and directed by Sean Fine and Andrea Nix Fine and produced by Shine Global 's Susan MacLaury , a professor at Kean University , and Albie Hecht . It was nominated for the 2008 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and received the Emmy Award for Best Documentary and Best Cinematography in 2010 .
Anneliese Michel ] ( 21 September 1952 – 1 July 1976 ) was a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death . Later investigation determined that she was malnourished and dehydrated ; her parents and the priests responsible were charged with negligent homicide . She was diagnosed with epileptic psychosis ( temporal lobe epilepsy ) and had a history of psychiatric treatment , which was overall not effective . Her condition worsened with her displaying various other symptoms which she took medication for as well . Michel and her family became convinced she was possessed by demons . The case attracted media and public attention because of the priests ' unusual decision to employ a 400-year-old ritual of exorcism . The film "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" is loosely based on her story . Erich Schmidt-Leichner ( 14 October 1910 – 17 March 1983 ) was a German lawyer who made a name as a distinguished defense counsel at the Nuremberg Trials ( 1945 - 1946 ) . In 1978 , he was a defense counsel in the "Klingenberg Case" ( Anneliese Michel ) , where a married couple were accused of negligent homicide for failing to call a medical doctor during an exorcism of their daughter .
Justin Brown ( born March 10 , 1991 ) is a wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . Before his 2013 draft selection by the Pittsburgh Steelers , he played college football at Oklahoma for his senior season after transferring from Penn State . After being drafted , Brown was on the Steelers practice squad for his rookie season . He played eight games during the 2014 season for a total of 12 passes for 94 yards and one lost fumble . Following the 2014 NFL season , Brown was waived by the Steelers . On February 3 , 2015 , the Buffalo Bills claimed Brown off waivers . On August 9 , 2015 , Brown was waived/injured by the Bills . On August 13 , 2015 , he reached an injury settlement with the Bills and was released . The Oklahoma Sooners football program is a college football team that represents the University of Oklahoma ( variously "Oklahoma" or "OU" ) . The team is currently a member of the Big 12 Conference , which is in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( formerly Division I-A ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . The program began in 1895 and is one of the most successful programs since World War II with the most wins ( 606 ) and the highest winning percentage ( .762 ) since 1945 . The program has 7 national championships , 45 conference championships , 154 All-Americans ( 76 consensus ) , and five Heisman Trophy winners . In addition , the school has had 23 members ( five coaches and 18 players ) inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame and holds the record for the longest winning streak in Division I history with 47 straight victories , a record that stands to this day . Oklahoma is also the only program that has had four coaches with 100+ wins . They became the sixth NCAA FBS team to win 850 games when they defeated the Kansas Jayhawks on November 22 , 2014 . The Sooners play their home games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman , Oklahoma . Lincoln Riley is currently the team 's head coach .
"The Simpsons" Theme" , also referred to as "The Simpsons" Main Title Theme" in album releases , is the theme music of the animated television series "The Simpsons" . It plays during the opening sequence and was composed by Danny Elfman in 1989 , after series creator Matt Groening approached him requesting a retro-style theme . The piece , which took 3 days , 2 hours , 48 minutes , and 19 seconds to create , has been noted by Elfman as the most popular of his career . The theme , as used for the opening sequence , was re-arranged during season 2 , and the current arrangement by Alf Clausen was introduced at the beginning of the third season . Alf Heiberg Clausen ( born March 28 , 1941 ) is an American film and television composer . He is best known for his work scoring many episodes of "The Simpsons" , of which he had been the sole composer between 1990 and 2017 . Clausen has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows , including "Moonlighting" , "The Naked Gun" , "ALF" and "Ferris Bueller 's Day Off" .
World Championship Wrestling , Inc. ( WCW ) was an American professional wrestling promotion , historically based in Atlanta , Georgia . It began as a regional ( mid-Atlantic U.S. ) , National Wrestling Alliance ( NWA ) -affiliated "territory" promotion – Jim Crockett Promotions – until November 1988 , when Ted Turner ( through his Turner Broadcasting System business ) bought the promotion , whose struggle to compete with Vince McMahon 's World Wrestling Federation ( now World Wrestling Entertainment , or WWE ) had left it near bankruptcy . Immediately after the buyout , the business was renamed the Universal Wrestling Corporation ( UWC ) and consisted of Crockett 's business assets not picked up by World Wrestling Federation Entertainment . In its early years , WCW was buoyed by established NWA performers such as Ric Flair and Dusty Rhodes , along with emerging stars like Lex Luger , and Sting , who would go on to be dubbed "The Franchise of WCW" . Randy Mario Poffo ( November 15 , 1952 – May 20 , 2011 ) , better known by the ring name "Macho Man" Randy Savage , was an American professional wrestler and color commentator best known for his time in the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , now WWE ) and later World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) .
Yusuf Islam ( born Steven Demetre Georgiou , 21 July 1948 ) , commonly known by his former stage name Cat Stevens , is a British singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist . His 1967 debut album reached the top 10 in the UK , and the album 's title song "Matthew and Son" charted at number 2 on the UK Singles Chart . Jolyon James is an Australian-born actor . He performed the role of the Moonshadow in Cat Stevens 's musical of the same name which is played in Melbourne ’ s Princess Theatre for 12 weeks from 31 May 2012 .
The 2014 Baylor Bears football team represented Baylor University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Bears were coached by Art Briles . Playing their 116th football season , this was the team 's first in the new McLane Stadium in Waco , Texas . The Bears were members of the Big 12 Conference . They finished the season 11–2 , 8–1 in Big 12 play to win a share of the Big 12 title with TCU . They were invited to the Cotton Bowl Classic where they lost to Michigan State . McLane Stadium is an American football stadium in Waco , Texas . It is owned and operated by Baylor University . Originally named "Baylor Stadium" , the name was changed to McLane Stadium in December 2013 to honor alumnus and business magnate Drayton McLane , Jr. , who provided the lead gift for the stadium construction . Baylor 's first game at McLane was played August 31 , 2014 , with the Bears defeating SMU 45–0 . The stadium has a capacity of 45,140 spectators and is expandable to 55,000 . McLane Stadium replaced Floyd Casey Stadium as the home field for the Baylor Bears football program .
Adrienne Eliza Houghton ( née Bailon ; born October 24 , 1983 ) is an American singer-songwriter , recording artist , actress , dancer and television personality . Adrienne Bailon first became publicly known when she rose to fame as one of the founding members and singer of both 3LW ( 1999–2007 ) and Disney 's The Cheetah Girls ( 2003–2008 ) . Robin Wilson ( born July 12 , 1965 ) is an American musician , most notable for his work as the lead vocalist of the rock band , Gin Blossoms .
Mawson is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia . It covers most of the outer southern suburbs of the City of Onkaparinga , including Hackham , Hackham West , Huntfield Heights , Noarlunga Downs , Old Noarlunga , Onkaparinga Hills and Seaford Heights , the regional shopping centre area at Noarlunga Centre , parts of Woodcroft , and the southern wine region around McLaren Vale and Willunga . McLaren Vale is a wine region approximately 35 km south of Adelaide in South Australia . It is internationally renowned for the wines it produces . The region was named after either David McLaren , the Colonial Manager of the South Australia Company or John McLaren ( unrelated ) who surveyed the area in 1839 . Among the first settlers to the region in late 1839 , were two English farmers from Devon , William Colton and Charles Thomas Hewett . William Colton established the Daringa Farm and Charles Thomas Hewett established Oxenberry Farm . Both men would be prominent in the early days of McLaren Vale .
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. ( ; November 11 , 1922April 11 , 2007 ) was an American writer . In a career spanning over 50 years , Vonnegut published 14 novels , three short story collections , five plays , and five works of non-fiction . He is most famous for his darkly satirical , best-selling novel "Slaughterhouse-Five" ( 1969 ) . Galápagos is the eleventh novel written by American author Kurt Vonnegut . The novel questions the merit of the human brain from an evolutionary perspective . The title is both a reference to the islands on which part of the story plays out , and a tribute to Charles Darwin on whose theory Vonnegut relies to reach his own conclusions . It was first published in 1985 by Delacorte Press .
Pashto ( , , Pashto : پښتو‎ "Pax̌tō" ] ) , sometimes spelled Pushtu or Pushto , is the South-Central Asian language of the Pashtuns . It is known in Persian literature as Afghāni ( افغانی ) and in Urdu and Hindi literature as Paṭhānī . Speakers of the language are called Pashtuns or Pukhtuns and sometimes Afghans or Pathans . It is an Eastern Iranian language , belonging to the Indo-European family . Pashto is one of the two official languages of Afghanistan , and it is the second-largest regional language of Pakistan , mainly spoken in the west and northwest of the country . Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) are almost 100 % Pashto-speaking , while it is the majority language of the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the northern districts of Balochistan . Pashto is the main language among the Pashtun diaspora around the world . The total number of Pashto-speakers is estimated to be 45–60 million people worldwide . Pashtun diaspora refers to ethnic Pashtuns who live outside of their traditional homeland of Pashtunistan , which is south of the Amu River in Afghanistan and west of the Indus River in Pakistan . Pakistan is home to the largest Pashtun community . Smaller populations of Pashtuns are found in the European Union , North America , Australia and other parts of the world . They may also be found in the Middle East , particularly in the United Arab Emirates , Iran , Oman , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Qatar and Bahrain . In Northern India , there are communities of Indians who trace their origins to the traditional Pashtun homeland .
Kenneth William "Ken" Kwapis ( born August 17 , 1957 ) is an American film and television director and screenwriter . He specialized in the single-camera sitcom in the 1990s and 2000s and has directed feature films such as "Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird" ( 1985 ) , "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" ( 2005 ) , and "He 's Just Not That into You" ( 2009 ) . Jon Paul Puno ( born 1985 ) is an American filmmaker and classical crossover singer . As a filmmaker , he has directed films such as Valle de Lágrimas ( 2006 ) and Peace Grows ( 2004 ) . And also played a small role in the 2006 movie I Will Always Love You ( film ) .
The Masters and Johnson research team , composed of William H. Masters and Virginia E. Johnson , pioneered research into the nature of human sexual response and the diagnosis and treatment of sexual disorders and dysfunctions from 1957 until the 1990s . Patterns of Sexual Behavior is a 1951 book by Clellan S. Ford and Frank A . Beach . In this work of scientific literature , the authors integrate information about human sexual behavior from 191 different cultures , and include detailed comparisons across animal species , with particular emphasis on primates . The book , which has been called a "classic" of its field , provided the foundation for the later research of Masters and Johnson . A revised edition , titled "Human Sexuality in Four Perspectives" , was published in 1977 .
The Dubai International Stadium , formerly known as the Dubai Sports City Cricket Stadium , is a multi-purpose stadium in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . It is mainly used for cricket and is one of three stadiums in the country , the other two being Sharjah Cricket Association Stadium and Sheikh Zayed Cricket Stadium in Abu Dhabi . It has a capacity of 25,000 spectators , but is expandable to 30,000 spectators . It is a part of the Dubai Sports City in Dubai . The 2016 Pakistan Super League or HBL PSL 2016 was the debut season of the Pakistan Super League which was established by the Pakistan Cricket Board . The tournament featured five teams and was held from 4 February 2016 to 23 February 2016 in the United Arab Emirates . The opening ceremony and first match of the tournament were held at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium on 4 February 2016 .
SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment is a family entertainment , amusement park and attraction company headquartered in Orlando , Florida . It operates seven theme parks and five water parks in the United States . Jim Atchison is an American business executive . He was the President and Chief Executive Officer of SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment , positions he had held since 2009 . On December 11 , 2014 he resigned . SeaWorld acknowledged in August 2014 that the film "Blackfish" had hurt revenues at its San Diego , California park . At the time of Atchison 's resignation the company 's share price had fallen 44 % that year .
Level Up is a live-action television series that was aired on Cartoon Network . A film with the same title , which served as a pilot for the series , premiered on November 23 , 2011 . The series premiered on Tuesday , January 24 , 2012 , at 8 p.m. ET/PT . Aimee Carrero ( born July 15 , 1988 ) is an American actress . She is known for her role as Angie on the Cartoon Network live-action series "Level Up" . Since 2014 , she has starred as Sofia Rodriguez on the Freeform sitcom "Young & Hungry" , and provides the voice of Princess Elena on the Disney Channel animated series "Elena of Avalor" .
Juan Manuel Márquez Méndez ( born August 23 , 1973 ) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2014 . He is the third Mexican boxer ( after Érik Morales and Jorge Arce ) to become a four-weight world champion , having formerly held nine world championships including the WBA ( Super ) , IBF , and WBO featherweight titles between 2003 and 2007 ; the WBC super featherweight title from 2007 to 2008 ; the WBA ( Super ) , WBO , "Ring" magazine , and lineal lightweight titles between 2008 and 2012 ; and the WBO junior welterweight title from 2012 to 2013 . Rafael Márquez Méndez ( born 25 March 1975 ) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1995 to 2013 . He is a two-time world champion in two weight classes , having held the IBF bantamweight title from 2003 to 2007 ; and the WBC , "Ring" magazine , and lineal super bantamweight titles in 2007 . He also held the IBO bantamweight title from 2005 to 2007 , and challenged once for WBO featherweight title in 2011 . Márquez was known for his formidable knockout power and relentless pressure fighting style . His older brother Juan Manuel Márquez is also a professional boxer and multiple-time world champion .
Leigha Kayleen Hancock ( born June 7 , 1986 ) is an American stunt actress best known for her role as the District 7 female tribute in "The Hunger Games" . The Hunger Games is a 2012 American dystopian science fiction adventure film directed by Gary Ross and based on the novel of the same name by Suzanne Collins . It is the first installment in "The Hunger Games" film series and was produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik , with a screenplay by Ross , Collins , and Billy Ray . The film stars Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson , Liam Hemsworth , Woody Harrelson , Elizabeth Banks , Lenny Kravitz , Stanley Tucci , and Donald Sutherland . The story takes place in a dystopian post-apocalyptic future in the nation of Panem , which is divided into 12 districts , where a boy and a girl from each district , between the ages of 12 and 18 must take part in The Hunger Games , a televised annual event in which the "tributes" of each district , are required to fight to the death , until there is only one survivor . Katniss Everdeen ( Jennifer Lawrence ) volunteers to take her younger sister 's place . With her district 's male tribute , Peeta Mellark ( Josh Hutcherson ) , Katniss travels to the Capitol to train for the Hunger Games under the guidance of former victor Haymitch Abernathy ( Woody Harrelson ) .
Claudia Albertario Rodríguez ( ] ; born May 16 , 1977 ) is an Argentine model , vedette and actress of theatre , television and film . Her notable credits include "Amigovios" ( 1995 ) , "Como pan caliente" ( 1996 ) , "Montaña rusa , otra vuelta" ( 1997 ) , "Chiquititas" ( 1997–1999 ) , "Gasoleros" ( 1998 and 1999 ) , and "Verano del '98" ( 1998–2001 ) . She also appeared on "Dancing on Ice" around the world . Dancing on Ice is a British made dance competition television series franchise produced around the world . The format , devised by London Weekend Television and Granada Television for ITV , has been a prime-time hit in eight different countries , including Britain and subsequently in Italy and Chile . In Australia , where it was titled "Torvill and Dean 's Dancing on Ice" , it was axed after just one series owing to production costs .
The Magician 's Land is a fantasy novel by Lev Grossman , published in 2014 by Viking Adult , the second sequel to "The Magicians" . It continues the story of outcast magician Quentin Coldwater , interweaving it with the story of several of his friends who are questing to save the magical realm of Fillory . The Magicians is a fantasy novel by the American author Lev Grossman , published in 2009 by Viking Press . It tells the story of Quentin Coldwater , a young man who discovers and attends a college of magic in New York . The novel received critical acclaim , and was followed by "The Magician King" in 2011 and 2014 's "The Magician 's Land" . The novels have been adapted as a television series that currently airs on Syfy .
McFarland , USA ( also known as McFarland ) is a 2015 American sports drama film directed by Niki Caro , produced by Mark Ciardi and Gordon Gray , written by Christopher Cleveland , Bettina Gilois and Grant Thompson with music composed by Antônio Pinto . The film was co-produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Mayhem Pictures . Based on the true story of a 1987 cross country team from a mainly Latino high school in McFarland , California , the film stars Kevin Costner as Jim White , the school 's coach , who leads the team to win a state championship . The film also stars Maria Bello and Morgan Saylor . Dinosaur is a 2000 American CGI animated adventure film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and The Secret Lab and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is the 39th Disney animated feature film and Disney 's The Secret Lab computer animated feature , though it is not officially labeled as one of the animated classics in the United Kingdom , where "The Wild" ( 2006 ) is included in the canon instead .
Costadinos Contostavlos ( born 11 June 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Dappy , is an English singer , songwriter , rapper , and actor . He is best known for being the lead singer of the Camden-based grime trio N-Dubz , with his cousin Tulisa , and Fazer . He was known for his slightly unusual dress sense and his love for what he describes as "eye-catching headwear" . His trademark was wearing a selection of woolly chullos ( sometimes referred to as "Dappy hats" ) , turning up one or both of the ear-flaps of the hat . Tobias Sammet ( 21 November 1977 ) is a German musician , singer , songwriter and music producer best known for being the founder the Rock Opera Project Avantasia and singer and primary songwriter of the Heavy Metal band Edguy .
The National Archives and Library of Ethiopia , located in Addis Ababa , is the national library and archives of the country . The library was inaugurated in 1944 by Emperor Haile Selassie and began service with books donated by the emperor . Addis Ababa ( Amharic : አዲስ አበባ "Addis Abäba "] , "new flower" ; Oromo : "Finfinne" , ] "Natural Spring ( s )" ) or Addis Abeba ( the spelling used by the official Ethiopian Mapping Authority ) , is the capital and largest city of Ethiopia . It has a population of 3,384,569 according to the 2007 population census , with annual growth rate of 3.8 % . This number has been increased from the originally published 2,738,248 figure and appears to be still largely underestimated .
Beau Mark Bokan ( born November 30 , 1981 ) is an American musician and singer . He is best known as the lead vocalist and keyboardist of Blessthefall , and the former vocalist of Take the Crown . Bokan runs his own clothing line titled "Golden Hearts Shine Forever" which was launched in March 2011 . Bokan is Roman Catholic . Jason Randolph Scheff ( born April 16 , 1962 , in San Diego ) is an American bassist , singer , and songwriter . From 1985 to 2016 he was the bassist and singer for the veteran pop-rock band Chicago .
The Shawnee Trail was the white settlers ' name for an American Indian trail in what is now eastern West Virginia , USA . It was a segment ( or branch ) of the much larger Indian trail network known as the Great Indian Warpath , which stretched from New York to Alabama . The GIW was referred to from this point north as the "Seneca Trail" . Thus , in pioneer days , the segment known as the Shawnee Trail was often also referred to as the Seneca Trail . The Great Indian Warpath ( GIW ) —also known as the Great Indian War and Trading Path , or the Seneca Trail—was that part of the network of trails in eastern North America developed and used by Native Americans which ran through the Great Appalachian Valley . The system of footpaths ( the Warpath branched off in several places onto alternate routes and over time shifted westward in some regions ) extended from what is now upper New York state to deep within Alabama . Various Indians traded and made war along the trails , including the Catawba , numerous Algonquian tribes , the Cherokee , and the Iroquois Confederacy . The British traders ' name for the route was derived from combining its name among the northeastern Algonquian tribes , "Mishimayagat" or "Great Trail" , with that of the Shawnee and Delaware , "Athawominee" or "Path where they go armed" .
Michael Barry "Mike" Reid ( born May 24 , 1947 ) is an American country music artist , composer , and former American football player . "Show Her" is a song written by Mike Reid , and recorded by American country music artist Ronnie Milsap . It was released in October 1983 as the third single from the album "Keyed Up" . "Show Her" was Ronnie Milsap 's twenty-fifth number one country hit . The single went to number one for one week and spent a total of fourteen weeks on the country chart .
Park Sung-woong ( born January 9 , 1973 ) is a South Korean actor . Following his acting debut in "No . 3" in 1997 , Park has starred in several movies and television series , notably as a gangster in "New World" ( 2013 ) and a serial killer in "The Deal" ( 2015 ) . The Deal ( ; lit . "Murder Request" ) is a 2015 South Korean crime thriller film directed by Son Yong-ho .
Henry John Kaiser ( May 9 , 1882 – August 24 , 1967 ) was an American industrialist who became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding . He established the Kaiser Shipyards , which built Liberty ships during World War II , after which he formed Kaiser Aluminum and Kaiser Steel . Kaiser organized Kaiser Permanente health care for his workers and their families . He led Kaiser-Frazer followed by Kaiser Motors , automobile companies known for the safety of their designs . Kaiser was involved in large construction projects such as civic centers and dams , and invested in real estate . With his wealth , he established the Kaiser Family Foundation , a nonprofit , non-partisan , charitable organization . Kaiser Ventures ( formerly Kaiser Steel ) corporation , headquartered in Ontario , California . It was founded by Henry J. Kaiser to provide steel plate for the Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry , which expanded during World War II , then shrank , then expanded again during the Korean War . California Shipbuilding Corporation on Terminal Island , California , was one of these shipyards which built hundreds of Liberty ships and Victory ships in World War II , and was also a project of Henry Kaiser . Kaiser Steel was noted for making the most of its costly steelmaking inputs , and it captured , along with the U.S. Steel plant in Utah , much of the Pacific Coast steel market by the late 1950s . Its assets included steelmaking plants in Napa , California ( that it acquired from Basalt Rock Company in 1955 ) and Fontana , California ( now operated by California Steel Industries ) , and a former open-pit iron ore mine at Eagle Mountain , California . Steel manufactured was also used in Kaiser Motors .
Sunset Strip is a 2012 documentary directed by Hans Fjellestad , and produced by Tommy Alastra . The documentary explores the history of the mile and a half long stretch of road through West Hollywood known as Sunset Strip . American Hardcore : The History of American Punk Rock 1980-1986 is a documentary directed by Paul Rachman and written by Steven Blush . It is based on the book "" also written by Blush . It was released on September 22 , 2006 on a limited basis . The film features some early pioneers of the hardcore punk music scene including Bad Brains , Black Flag , D.O.A. , Minor Threat , Minutemen , SSD , and others . It was released on DVD by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment on February 20 , 2007 .
Isaac Montrose Taylor ( June 15 , 1921 – November 3 , 1996 ) was the dean of the Medical School of the University of North Carolina from 1964 until 1971 , and the father of James Taylor , the singer and guitarist , and four other children , Alex , Livingston , Hugh , and Kate . Through his second marriage to Suzanne Francis Sheats , he fathered three more children , Andrew Preston ( 1983 ) , Theodore Haynes ( 1986 ) , and Julia Rose ( 1989 ) . James Vernon Taylor ( born March 12 , 1948 ) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist . A five-time Grammy Award winner , he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000 . He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 100 million records worldwide .
Archie A. Peck ( November 22 , 1894 – September 15 , 1978 ) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during World War I . While serving as a private foot soldier in the US 77th Division during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive , his unit ended up with several others behind German lines , in what was later known as "the Lost Battalion" . This was the bloodiest battle of the war involving US troops . Peck acted gallantly in the surrounding unit , saving two wounded men under machine gun fire . The Lost Battalion is the name given to nine companies of the United States 77th Division , roughly 554 men , isolated by German forces during World War I after an American attack in the Argonne Forest in October 1918 . Roughly 197 were killed in action and approximately 150 missing or taken prisoner before 194 remaining men were rescued . They were led by Major Charles White Whittlesey . On 2 October , the division quickly advanced into the Argonne , under the belief that French forces were supporting the left flank and two American units including the 92nd Division were supporting the right flank . Unknown to Whittlesey 's unit , the French advance had been stalled . Without this knowledge , the Americans had moved beyond the rest of the Allied line and found themselves completely cut off and surrounded by German forces . For the next six days , suffering heavy losses , the men of the division were forced to fight off several attacks by the Germans .
The Raids on Lochaber and Shiramore took place in the Scottish Highlands between 22 May and 31 August 1746 and were part of the closing operations of the British-Hanoverian Government to bring to an end the Jacobite rising of 1745 . Sometimes referred to as the "mopping up" operations many rebels surrendered themselves and their arms , while others were captured and punished . It also included the hunt for the Jacobite leader "Bonnie Prince" Charles Edward Stuart otherwise known as the "Young Pretender" . Most of the work was done on behalf of the Government by the Independent Highland Companies of militia and also the Campbell of Argyll Militia . The Jacobite rising of 1745 ( Scottish Gaelic : "Bliadhna Theàrlaich" ] , "The Year of Charles" ) was the attempt by Charles Edward Stuart to regain the British throne for the exiled House of Stuart . The rising occurred during the War of the Austrian Succession , when most of the British Army was on the European continent . Charles Edward Stuart , commonly known as "Bonnie Prince Charlie" or "the Young Pretender" , sailed to Scotland and raised the Jacobite standard at Glenfinnan in the Scottish Highlands , where he was supported by a gathering of Highland clansmen . The march south began with an initial victory at Prestonpans near Edinburgh . The Jacobite army , now in bold spirits , marched onwards to Carlisle , over the border in England . When it reached Derby , some British divisions were recalled from the Continent and the Jacobite army retreated north to Inverness where the last battle on Scottish soil took place on a nearby moor at Culloden . The Battle of Culloden ended with the final defeat of the Jacobite cause . Charles Edward Stuart fled with a price on his head before finally sailing to France .
Logan Leistikow ( born February 25 , 1984 in Nacogdoches , Texas ) is an American filmmaker known for his documentary , "The Comedy Garage" . Leistikow also produced and directed "Tom Green Live" and several behind-the-scenes videos and promos for NBC . Vasanth Kumar Shivashankar Padukone ( 9 July 1925 – 10 October 1964 ) , better known as Guru Dutt , was an Indian film director , producer and actor . He made 1950s and 1960s classics such as "Pyaasa" , "Kaagaz Ke Phool" , "Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam" and "Chaudhvin Ka Chand" . In particular , "Pyaasa" and "Kaagaz Ke Phool" are now included among the greatest films of all time , both by Time magazine 's "All-TIME" 100 best movies and by the "Sight & Sound" critics ' and directors ' poll , where Dutt himself is included among the greatest film directors of all time .
The evil clown is a subversion of the traditional comic clown character , in which the playful trope is instead rendered as disturbing through the use of horror elements and dark humor . The modern archetype of the evil clown was popularized by Stephen King 's 1986 novel "It" . The character can be seen as playing off the sense of unease felt by sufferers of coulrophobia . It is a 1986 horror novel by American author Stephen King . It was his 22nd book and 18th novel written under his own name . The story follows the experiences of seven children as they are terrorized by a being that exploits the fears and phobias of its victims to disguise itself while hunting its prey . "It" primarily appears in the form of a clown to attract its preferred prey of young children .
Baileyville is a town in Washington County , Maine , United States . The population was 1,521 at the 2010 census . Within the town is the census-designated place of Woodland . The town was originally settled by Quakers in 1780 . In 1830 , Ezekiel Bailey began the commercial manufacture of oilcloth . The business flourished and expanded until it comprised several factories , which burned down in 1921 . Woodland is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in the town of Baileyville , Washington County , Maine , United States . The population was 952 at the 2010 census .
Bordan Tkachuk ( ) is a British business executive , the former CEO of Viglen , also known from his appearances on the BBC-produced British version of "The Apprentice ," interviewing for his boss Lord Sugar . Viglen Ltd provides IT products and services , including storage systems , servers , workstations and data/voice communications equipment and services .
Thomas Dry Howie ( April 12 , 1908 – July 17 , 1944 ) was an American army officer , killed during the Battle of Normandy during World War II , while trying to capture the French town of Saint-Lô . He is known as "The Major of St . Lo" . Operation Overlord was the codename for the Battle of Normandy , the Allied operation that launched the successful invasion of German-occupied Western Europe during World War II . The operation was launched on 6 June 1944 with the Normandy landings ( Operation Neptune , commonly known as D-Day ) . A 1,200-plane airborne assault preceded an amphibious assault involving more than 5,000 vessels . Nearly 160,000 troops crossed the English Channel on 6 June , and more than two million Allied troops were in France by the end of August .
Craps is a dice game in which the players make wagers on the outcome of the roll , or a series of rolls , of a pair of dice . Players may wager money against each other ( playing "street craps" , also known as "shooting dice" or "rolling dice" ) or a bank ( playing "casino craps" , also known as "table craps" , or often just "craps" ) . Because it requires little equipment , "street craps" can be played in informal settings . In gambling in general and the game of Craps in particular , snake eyes is the outcome of rolling the dice in a game and getting only one pip on each die . The pair of pips resembles a pair of eyes , which is appended to the word "snake" because of the creature 's long-standing association with treachery and betrayal . The dictionary of etymology traces use of the term as far back as 1929 . Ancient Roman dice games used the term "dogs" to describe a throw of double ones , referring to this as "the dog throw" .
Josh Abraham is an American record producer , songwriter , and music executive . Having worked with some of the music industry 's most successful artists over the past 15 years including P ! nk , Thirty Seconds to Mars , Kelly Clarkson , Shakira , Weezer , Linkin Park , Velvet Revolver , Carly Rae Jepsen , Adam Lambert , and Slayer , he has produced and co-written songs accounting for sales of more than 40 million albums worldwide . Adam Mitchel Lambert ( born January 29 , 1982 ) is an American singer , songwriter and stage actor . Since 2009 , he has sold over 3 million albums and 5 million singles worldwide .
Let Freedom Ring is a 1939 in Sepiatone Western directed by Jack Conway , starring Nelson Eddy and Virginia Bruce . Virginia Bruce ( September 29 , 1910 – February 24 , 1982 ) was an American actress and singer .
Voltaire in Love is a popular history of the sixteen-year relationship between Voltaire and the Émilie , the Marquise du Châtelet . Written by Nancy Mitford and first published in 1957 , the book also explores the French Enlightenment . Gabrielle Émilie Le Tonnelier de Breteuil , Marquise Du Châtelet ( ] ; 17 December 1706 – 10 September 1749 ) was a French natural philosopher , mathematician , physicist , and author during the early 1730s until her untimely death due to childbirth in 1749 . Her most recognized achievement is her translation of and commentary on Isaac Newton 's book "Principia" containing basic laws of physics . The translation , published posthumously in 1759 , is still considered the standard French translation today . Her commentary includes a profound contribution to Newtonian mechanics—the postulate of an additional conservation law for total energy , of which kinetic energy of motion is one element .
The 1st Regiment Alabama Siege Artillery ( African Descent ) was an artillery regiment recruited from African-Americans that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War . The regiment was renamed the 6th US Colored Heavy Artillery . Under the leadership of Major Lionel Booth , the 6th US Colored Heavy Artillery fought at the Battle of Fort Pillow on April 12 , 1864 . The regiment had a strength of 8 Officers and 213 men . The Battle of Fort Pillow , also known as the Fort Pillow massacre , was fought on April 12 , 1864 , at Fort Pillow on the Mississippi River in Henning , Tennessee , during the American Civil War . The battle ended with a massacre of Union troops ( most of them African American soldiers ) attempting to surrender , by soldiers under the command of Confederate Major General Nathan Bedford Forrest . Military historian David J. Eicher concluded , "Fort Pillow marked one of the bleakest , saddest events of American military history ."
Flavivirus is a genus of viruses in the family "Flaviviridae" . This genus includes the West Nile virus , dengue virus , tick-borne encephalitis virus , yellow fever virus , Zika virus and several other viruses which may cause encephalitis , as well as insect-specific flaviviruses ( ISFs ) such as cell fusing agent virus ( CFAV ) , Palm Creek virus ( PCV ) , and Parramatta River virus ( PaRV ) . Yellow fever is a viral disease of typically short duration . In most cases , symptoms include fever , chills , loss of appetite , nausea , muscle pains particularly in the back , and headaches . Symptoms typically improve within five days . In about 15 % of people within a day of improving , the fever comes back , abdominal pain occurs , and liver damage begins causing yellow skin . If this occurs , the risk of bleeding and kidney problems is also increased .
Skyscraper is an upcoming roller coaster that will be located at the planned Skyplex complex in Orlando , Florida . Under development by American and Swiss manufacturers US Thrill Rides and Intamin , the attraction will be a Polercoaster model which utilizes an observation tower as its main support structure . After several delays , Skyscraper is expected to open in 2020 with construction on the Skyplex complex beginning in 2017 . Upon completion , it will become the tallest roller coaster in the world at over 500 ft and will feature both the steepest drop and highest inversion . Skyplex 360 is an entertainment complex owned by Wallack Holdings LLC that is scheduled to open in 2020 . It will be located on a 14 acre lot at the Northeast corner of Sand Lake Road and International Drive in Orlando , Florida . The complex will include a 570 ft tower , which will feature the world 's tallest roller coaster , Skyscraper , and the world 's largest Perkins Restaurant and Bakery . It is expected to cost , be 1500000 sqft , and include a 2,400-car parking with valet .
Janet Evanovich ( born Janet Schneider ; April 22 , 1943 ) is an American writer . She began her career writing short contemporary romance novels under the pen name Steffie Hall , but gained fame authoring a series of contemporary mysteries featuring Stephanie Plum , a former lingerie buyer from Trenton , New Jersey , who becomes a bounty hunter to make ends meet after losing her job . The novels in this series have been on "The New York Times" , USA Today , "Wall Street Journal" and Amazon bestseller lists . Evanovich has had her last seventeen Plums debut at # 1 on the "NY Times" Best Sellers list and eleven of them have hit # 1 on "USA Today" Best-Selling Books list . She has over two hundred million books in print worldwide and is translated into over 40 languages . Travis McGee is a fictional character , created by American mystery writer John D. MacDonald . Unlike most detectives in mystery/detective fiction , McGee is neither a police officer nor a private investigator ; instead , he is a self-described "salvage consultant" who recovers others ' property for a fee of 50 % . McGee appeared in 21 novels , from "The Deep Blue Good-by" in 1964 to "The Lonely Silver Rain" in 1984 . In 1980 , the McGee novel "The Green Ripper" won the National Book Award . All 21 books have the theme of a color in the title , one of the earliest examples of detective/mystery fiction series to have a 'title theme ' ( e.g . the Sue Grafton 'alphabet ' series ; Janet Evanovich 's 'number ' series of Stephanie Plum books , etc . )
The Reich Chancellery ( German : "Reichskanzlei" ) was the traditional name of the office of the Chancellor of Germany ( then called "Reichskanzler" ) in the period of the German Reich from 1871 to 1945 . The Chancellery 's seat from 1875 was the former city palace of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł ( 1775–1833 ) on Wilhelmstraße in Berlin . Both the palace and a new Reich Chancellery building ( completed in early 1939 ) were seriously damaged during World War II and subsequently demolished . Erna Flegel ( 11 July 1911 – 16 February 2006 ) was a German nurse . In late April 1945 she worked at the emergency casualty station at the Reich Chancellery in Berlin . She was captured in the Reich Chancellery by the Red Army on 2 May 1945 .
Club is a monthly American pornographic magazine which is a spin-off publication of the United Kingdom 's "Club International" . "Club" features sexually oriented articles , video reviews , and pictorials that include hardcore pornography , masturbation , dildo usage , and lesbianism . Magna Publishing Group , or Magna Publishing Group , Inc. , is a publishing company headquartered in Paramus , New Jersey . Founded in 1975 , the company publishes a number of magazine titles and is one of the largest publishers of pornographic magazines in the United States with titles such as Club , Swank , Genesis , Gallery , Gent , as well as "nearly 60 total adult titles" . The Company has only 1 to 10 employees . On December 22 , 2015 Magna Publishing Group was purchased by 1-800-PHONESEX for an undisclosed amount .
Little Nikita is a 1988 American cult drama film directed by Richard Benjamin and starring River Phoenix and Sidney Poitier . The film marks the first collaboration between Phoenix and Poitier ( the second being "Sneakers" in 1992 ) . River Jude Phoenix ( born River Jude Bottom ; August 23 , 1970 – October 31 , 1993 ) was an American actor , musician , and activist . He was the older brother of Rain Phoenix , Joaquin Phoenix , Liberty Phoenix , and Summer Phoenix .
The Epic Poker League was a series of poker tournaments which took place in 2011 , organised by Federated Sports + Gaming . Former World Series of Poker commissioner Jeffrey Pollack served as Executive Chairman , professional poker player Annie Duke was Commissioner , and Matt Savage was Tournament Director . The three events held took place at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas , Nevada . Season One received television coverage on CBS and Velocity Network . Anne LaBarr "Annie" Duke ( née Lederer ; September 13 , 1965 ) is an American professional poker player and author . She holds a World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) gold bracelet from 2004 and used to be the leading money winner among women in WSOP history ( a title now held by Vanessa Selbst ) . Duke won the 2004 World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions and the National Heads-Up Poker Championship in 2010 . She has written a number of instructional books for poker players , including "Decide to Play Great Poker" and "The Middle Zone" , and she published her autobiography , "How I Raised , Folded , Bluffed , Flirted , Cursed , and Won Millions at the World Series of Poker" , in 2005 .
Billy Martin ( born December 25 , 1956 , in Evanston , Illinois , United States ) , is a right-handed former professional tennis player from the United States . During his career he won 1 singles titles and 3 doubles titles . He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No . 32 in 1975 . Martin currently serves as the head coach for the UCLA Bruins men 's tennis team , a position he has held for the past 24 years since 1994 . Martin , who played at UCLA , has a 14 straight top 5 NCAA team finishes and a 9 consecutive 20-win seasons . He was named ITA ( Intercollegiate Tennis Association ) division 1 National Coach of the Year and is a member of ITA Hall of Fame . Alexander "Sandy" Mayer ( born April 5 , 1952 ) is a former tennis player from the United States , who won ten titles in singles and twenty-four titles in doubles during his professional career . He was part of the winning tennis squad at Stanford University in 1973 .
PokerFace is a British game show broadcast on ITV , where one person is guaranteed to win £1 million . The show was created by Ant & Dec , who also host it . As implied by the title , "PokerFace" , is based on the bluffing aspect of poker games . The contestants do not necessarily need to get the questions right in order to win , and can bluff their way through the game and pressure their opponents into folding in order to win . Anthony McPartlin , OBE ( born 18 November 1975 ) and Declan Donnelly , OBE ( born 25 September 1975 ) , known collectively as Ant & Dec , are an English comedy TV presenting , television producing , acting and former music duo from Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 is a 2017 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team Guardians of the Galaxy , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the sequel to 2014 's "Guardians of the Galaxy" and the fifteenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film is written and directed by James Gunn and stars an ensemble cast featuring Chris Pratt , Zoe Saldana , Dave Bautista , Vin Diesel , Bradley Cooper , Michael Rooker , Karen Gillan , Pom Klementieff , Elizabeth Debicki , Chris Sullivan , Sean Gunn , Sylvester Stallone , and Kurt Russell . In "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2" , the Guardians travel throughout the cosmos as they help Peter Quill learn more about his mysterious parentage . Henry Braham ( born October 30 , 1965 in England ) is a British cinematographer , best known for his work on "Nanny McPhee" , "The Legend of Tarzan" and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2" .
Robert Florey ( 14 September 1900 – 16 May 1979 ) was a French-American director , screenwriter , film journalist , and occasional actor . Robert G. Springsteen ( September 8 , 1904 – December 9 , 1989 ) was an American director of Hollywood B movies and television shows . He was most often credited on screen as R. G. Springsteen .
Lillian Florence Hellman ( June 20 , 1905 – June 30 , 1984 ) was an American dramatist and screenwriter known for her success as a playwright on Broadway , as well as her left-wing sympathies and political activism . She was blacklisted after her appearance before the House Committee on Un-American Activities ( HUAC ) at the height of the anti-communist campaigns of 1947–52 . Although she continued to work on Broadway in the 1950s , her blacklisting by the American film industry caused a drop in her income . Many praised Hellman for refusing to answer questions by HUAC , but others believed , despite her denial , that she had belonged to the Communist Party . Alice Ann Munro ( , "née" Laidlaw ; born 10 July 1931 ) is a Canadian short story writer and Nobel Prize winner . Munro 's work has been described as having revolutionized the architecture of short stories , especially in its tendency to move forward and backward in time . Her stories have been said to "embed more than announce , reveal more than parade ."
Pothos is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family . It is native to China , the Indian Subcontinent , Australia , New Guinea , Southeast Asia , and various islands of the Pacific and Indian Oceans . Tibouchina Aubl . is a Neotropical flowering plant genus in Melastomataceae Juss . that contains approximately 240 species . Species of this genus are herbs , shrubs or trees and typically have purple flowers . They are native to Mexico , the Caribbean , and South America where they are found as far south as northern Argentina . Members of this genus are known as glory bushes , glory trees or princess flowers . The name "Tibouchina" is adapted from a Guianan indigenous name for a member of this genus . A recent systematic study has shown that this genus is paraphyletic .
Christian Albrecht Bluhme ( 27 December 1794 – 6 November 1866 ) was Prime Minister of Denmark 1852–1853 as head of the Cabinet of Bluhme I ( the "January Cabinet" ) and again 1864–1865 as head of the Cabinet of Bluhme II . He led the country during the latter part of the Second Schleswig War . The Second Schleswig War ( Danish : "2 . Slesvigske Krig" ; German : "Deutsch-Dänischer Krieg" ) was the second military conflict as a result of the Schleswig-Holstein Question . It began on 1 February 1864 , when Prussian forces crossed the border into Schleswig .
Ellen Anderson Gholson Glasgow ( April 22 , 1873 – November 21 , 1945 ) was an American novelist who portrayed the changing world of the contemporary South . Navarre Scott Momaday ( born February 27 , 1934 ) — known as N. Scott Momaday — is a Kiowa novelist , short story writer , essayist , and poet . His novel "House Made of Dawn" was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1969 , and is considered the first major work of the Native American Renaissance . His follow-up work "The Way to Rainy Mountain" blended folklore with memoir . Momaday received the National Medal of Arts in 2007 for his work 's celebration and preservation of indigenous oral and art tradition . He holds twenty honorary degrees from colleges and universities , and is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
Jeremy is a 1973 American romantic drama film starring Robby Benson and Glynnis O'Connor as two Manhattan high school students who share a tentative month-long romance . It was the first film directed by Arthur Barron , and won the prize for Best First Work in the 1973 Cannes Film Festival . Benson was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his performance as the title character . Robin David Segal ( born January 21 , 1956 ) , better known by the stage name Robby Benson , is an American actor , director , singer and educator . He is known as the voice of The Beast in the Disney animated film "Beauty and the Beast" and its numerous sequels and spin-offs , and for directing several episodes of the popular sitcom "Friends" .
Rolls Gracie ( [ ˈɡɾejsi ] 1951–1982 ) was a Brazilian martial artist . He was a prominent member of the Gracie family known for their founding of Brazilian jiu-jitsu ( BJJ ) and considered by some the family 's best ever fighter . He was teacher of Rickson Gracie , Carlos Gracie Jr. , Royler Gracie , Márcio "Macarrão" Stambowsky , Rigan Machado and Romero "Jacare" Cavalcanti . He died in a hang-gliding accident in 1982 . Royler Gracie ( born December 6 , 1965 ) is a retired Brazilian-American mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner . He ran the Gracie Humaitá school in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil for many years under his father Helio 's direction , but currently lives in San Diego .
The fictional character Spider-Man , a comic book superhero created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko and featured in Marvel Comics publications , has currently appeared in ten live-action films since his inception , not including fan made shorts . Spider-Man is the alter-ego of Peter Parker , a talented young freelance photographer and aspiring scientist , and Miles Morales , a high school student , both imbued with superhuman abilities after being bitten by radioactive/genetically-altered spiders . Spider-Man is a pinball machine designed by Steve Ritchie and manufactured by Stern Pinball that was first released in June 2007 . The table encompasses all three films in Sam Raimi 's "Spider-Man" trilogy , which in turn were based on the prior comics and television series .
Ray Cameron ( born Thomas Cameron McIntyre ; 19 April 1936 – 27 December 1993 ) was a Canadian comedian , and the father of British comedian Michael McIntyre . Michael Hazen James McIntyre ( born 21 February 1976 ) is an English comedian , actor and presenter . In 2012 , he was reported to be the highest-grossing comedian in the world .
Ortegocactus macdougallii is a species of cactus and the sole species of the genus Ortegocactus . The plant has a greenish-gray epidermis and black spines . It is only known from Oaxaca , Mexico . Eschscholzia is a genus of 12 annual or perennial plants in the Papaveraceae ( poppy ) family . The genus was named after the Baltic German/Imperial Russian botanist Johann Friedrich von Eschscholtz ( 1793-1831 ) .
Darko Kovačević ( ] ; Serbian Cyrillic : ; born 18 November 1973 ) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a forward . He began his career in Serbia with Proleter Zrenjanin and subsequently played for Red Star Belgrade , with whom he won a Yugoslav League title and two Yugoslav Cups . His prolific performances earned him a move to Premier League side Sheffield Wednesday , although his time in England was less successful . He is mainly known for his spells at Real Sociedad where his offensive partnership with Nihat Kahveci was one of the best in Spain . Kovačević also had positive spells with Italian club Juventus and Greek side Olympiacos . At international level , he represented Yugoslavia at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and at UEFA Euro 2000 . Nihat Kahveci ( born 23 November 1979 ) is a Turkish former footballer who played as a forward .
Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw is a 1988 animated adventure film distributed by TriStar Pictures . The film is based on the Tonka toy line and Hanna-Barbera television series of the same name . It was directed by Pierre DeCelles , and stars the voices of Brennan Howard , B.J . Ward and Tony Longo , this is the only Carolco film completely animated to date . Tony Longo ( August 20 , 1958 – June 21 , 2015 ) was an American actor who appeared in television series such as "Laverne & Shirley" , "Simon & Simon" , "Alice" , "Perfect Strangers" , "High Tide" , "Sydney" , "Las Vegas" , "Six Feet Under" and "Monk" . His film credits include "Sixteen Candles" , "Mulholland Drive" , "Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw" , "The Last Boy Scout" , the 1994 version of "Angels in the Outfield" , "Eraser" , "Suburban Commando" and "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas" .
Alan Geoffrey Serle ( 10 March 1922 – 27 April 1998 ) , known as Geoff , was an Australian historian , who is best known for his books on the colony of Victoria ; "The Golden Age" ( 1963 ) and "The Rush to be Rich" ( 1971 ) and his biographies of John Monash , John Curtin and Robin Boyd . General Sir John Monash , ( ; 27 June 1865 – 8 October 1931 ) was a civil engineer and an Australian military commander of the First World War . He commanded the 13th Infantry Brigade before the war and then , shortly after its outbreak , became commander of the 4th Brigade in Egypt , with whom he took part in the Gallipoli campaign . In July 1916 he took charge of the newly raised 3rd Division in northwestern France and in May 1918 became commander of the Australian Corps , at the time the largest corps on the Western Front . The successful Allied attack at the Battle of Amiens on 8 August 1918 , which expedited the end of the war , was planned by Monash and spearheaded by British forces including the Australian and Canadian Corps under Monash and Arthur Currie . Monash is considered one of the best Allied generals of the First World War and the most famous commander in Australian history .
The Western Allied invasion of Germany was coordinated by the Western Allies during the final months of hostilities in the European theatre of World War II . The Allied invasion of Germany started with the Western Allies crossing the Rhine River in March 1945 before fanning out and overrunning all of western Germany from the Baltic in the north to Austria in the south before the Germans surrendered on 8 May 1945 . This is known as the "Central Europe Campaign" in United States military histories . The Battle of Fredericksburg was fought December 11–15 , 1862 , in and around Fredericksburg , Virginia , between General Robert E. Lee 's Confederate Army of Northern Virginia and the Union Army of the Potomac , commanded by Major General Ambrose Burnside , as part of the American Civil War . The Union Army 's futile frontal attacks on December 13 against entrenched Confederate defenders on the heights behind the city are remembered as one of the most one-sided battles of the war , with Union casualties more than three times as heavy as those suffered by the Confederates . A visitor to the battlefield described the battle to U.S. President Abraham Lincoln as a "butchery ."
House of Cosbys is an American animated sitcom created by Justin Roiland for the film festival Channel 101 . The series centers on Mitchell Reynolds ( Jeff Davis ) , who builds a cloning machine to make duplicates of his favorite comedian , Bill Cosby . The show stars Davis , Roiland , and a rotating cast of performers , many of whom were participants at Channel 101 . The series premiered January 30 , 2005 , and was the number one-rated program on the site for three months . Four episodes of the series were created , which debuted at Channel 101 screenings and were posted online thereafter . The series concluded on June 26 , 2005 with an "unofficial" fifth installment . William Henry Cosby Jr. ( ; born July 12 , 1937 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actor , musician , and author . His start in stand-up comedy began at the hungry i in San Francisco ; he then landed a starring role in the 1960s television show "I Spy" . He was also a regular on the children 's television series "The Electric Company" during the show 's first two seasons .
John Christopher Lujack Jr. ( pronounced Lu ' jack ; born January 4 , 1925 ) is a former American football quarterback and 1947 Heisman Trophy winner . He played college football for the University of Notre Dame , and professionally for the Chicago Bears . Lujack was the first of several successful quarterbacks who hailed from Western Pennsylvania . Others include Pro Football Hall of Fame members Johnny Unitas , Joe Namath , Dan Marino , Jim Kelly , Joe Montana and George Blanda . James Edward Kelly ( born February 14 , 1960 ) is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for eleven seasons and spent the entirety of his NFL career with the Buffalo Bills . He also played two seasons with the Houston Gamblers in the United States Football League ( USFL ) .
Ivan Konrad Trajkovič ( born 1 September 1991 in Zagreb , Croatia ) is a Slovenian taekwondo athlete . He qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the +80 kg category . The 2012 Summer Olympics , formally the Games of the XXX Olympiad and commonly known as London 2012 , was a major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games , as governed by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) . It took place in London and to a lesser extent across the United Kingdom from 25 July to 12 August 2012 . The first event , the group stage in women 's football began on 25 July at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , followed by the opening ceremonies on 27 July . 10,768 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) participated .
In Norse mythology , Hlín ( Old Norse "protectress" ) is a goddess associated with the goddess Frigg . Hlín appears in a poem in the "Poetic Edda" , compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources , the "Prose Edda" , written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson , and in kennings found in skaldic poetry . Hlín has been theorized as possibly another name for Frigg . Norse mythology is the body of mythology of the North Germanic people stemming from Norse paganism and continuing after the Christianization of Scandinavia and into the Scandinavian folklore of the modern period . The northernmost extension of Germanic mythology , Norse mythology consists of tales of various deities , beings , and heroes derived from numerous sources from both before and after the pagan period , including medieval manuscripts , archaeological representations , and folk tradition .
John Henry O'Hara ( January 31 , 1905 – April 11 , 1970 ) was an American writer , best remembered as a keen observer of social status and manners in early to mid 20th century America and pre-eminent among his contemporaries at depicting social realism . He first earned a reputation for short stories and later became a best-selling novelist before the age of 30 with "Appointment in Samarra" and "BUtterfield 8" . Rabindranath Tagore FRAS ( ; ] ) , also written Ravīndranātha Thākura ( 7 May 1861 – 7 August 1941 ) , sobriquet Gurudev , was a Bengali polymath who reshaped Bengali literature and music , as well as Indian art with Contextual Modernism in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . Author of "Gitanjali" and its "profoundly sensitive , fresh and beautiful verse" , he became the first non-European to win the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1913 . Tagore 's poetic songs were viewed as spiritual and mercurial ; however , his "elegant prose and magical poetry" remain largely unknown outside Bengal . He is sometimes referred to as "the Bard of Bengal" .
Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior ( ] ; born 5 February 1992 ) , commonly known as Neymar or Neymar Jr. , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team . Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 ( abbreviated as PES 2016 , marketed as Winning Eleven 2016 in Japan ) is a football simulation game developed by PES Productions and published by Konami for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , and Xbox One . It is the fifteenth edition of the "Pro Evolution Soccer" series and marks PES Productions ' 20th year of producing football games . The cover of the game features Neymar ( seen wearing his Brazil national team kit ) . The name of the game has been changed from "World Soccer : Winning Eleven" to "Pro Evolution Soccer" in Asia , except Japan where it is titled "Winning Eleven" .
Cortina d'Ampezzo ( ] ; Ladin : "Anpezo , Ampëz" ) , commonly referred to as Cortina , is a town and "comune" in the heart of the southern ( Dolomitic ) Alps in the Veneto region of Northern Italy . Situated on the Boite river , in an alpine valley , it is a popular winter sport resort known for its skiing trails , scenery , accommodation , shops and après-ski scene , and for its jet set and aristocratic European crowd . The FIBT World Championships 1960 took place in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy for the fifth time . The Italian city had hosted the event previously in 1937 ( Two-man ) , 1939 ( Four-man ) , 1950 , and 1954 . This was an extraordinary event because bobsleigh was not included in the program at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley , California .
Princess Leia Organa of Alderaan ( also Senator Leia Organa or General Leia Organa ) is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise , portrayed in films by Carrie Fisher . Introduced in the original "Star Wars" film in 1977 , Leia is princess of the planet Alderaan , a member of the Imperial Senate and an agent of the Rebel Alliance . She thwarts the sinister Sith Lord Darth Vader and helps bring about the destruction of the Empire 's cataclysmic superweapon , the Death Star . In "The Empire Strikes Back" ( 1980 ) , Leia commands a Rebel base and evades Vader as she falls in love with the smuggler , Han Solo . In "Return of the Jedi" ( 1983 ) , Leia leads the operation to rescue Han from the crime lord Jabba the Hutt , and is revealed to be Vader 's daughter and the twin sister of Luke Skywalker . The prequel film "" ( 2005 ) establishes that the twins ' mother is Senator ( and former queen ) Padmé Amidala of Naboo , who dies after childbirth . Leia is adopted by Senator Bail and Queen Breha Organa of Alderaan . In "" ( 2015 ) , Leia is the founder and General of the Resistance against the First Order and has a son with Han named Ben , who goes by the name Kylo Ren . Darth Vader , also known by his birth name Anakin Skywalker , is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise . Vader appears in the original film trilogy as a pivotal antagonist whose actions drive the plot , while his past as Anakin Skywalker and the story of his corruption are central to the narrative of the prequel trilogy .
The Saimaa Gesture ( Finnish : "Saimaa-ilmiö" ) is a 1981 film by Finnish directors Aki and Mika Kaurismäki . It is a documentary of three Finnish rock groups aboard the steamboat SS Heinävesi on their tour around Lake Saimaa . Eclipse of Reason is a 1987 pro-life documentary video directed , filmed , and narrated by Bernard Nathanson , with an introduction by Charlton Heston . "Eclipse of Reason" is a follow up to Nathanson ’ s first film "The Silent Scream" . The film is perhaps most known for its controversial depiction of a dilation and evacuation ( D & E ) abortion . The subject matter of this film focuses more on the moral implications of abortion . It served as Nathanson ’ s call to the women of the world to end the practice of abortion . This film , as well as "The Silent Scream" , was instrumental in the Right to Life Committee 's garnering the attention of the United States public regarding the issue of abortion .
Celebrities Under Pressure is a British game show that aired on ITV from 13 September 2003 to 7 August 2004 . It was first hosted by Melanie Sykes for series 1 & 2 and then hosted by Vernon Kay for series 3 . Vernon Charles Kay ( born 28 April 1974 ) is an English television presenter , radio DJ and former model best known for his television roles with ITV , presenting shows such as "All Star Family Fortunes" ( 2006–2015 ) , "Beat the Star" ( 2008–2009 ) and "Splash ! "( 2013–2014 ) .
Dujiangyan ( ) is a county-level city , a subdivision of Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan Province , People 's Republic of China . Its north-west region forms a border with sourthern Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture . It has an area of 1208 km2 and had a population of 600,000 in 2003 . Ezhou ( ) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Hubei Province , China . As of the 2010 census , the city had a population of 1,048,668 , of which 668,727 lived in the core Echeng District . The Ezhou - Huanggang built-up ( "or metro" ) area was home to 1,035,496 inhabitants from the Echeng and Huangzhou , Huanggang Districts .
Cantarella was a poison allegedly used by the Borgias during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI . It was probably a variation of arsenic or cantharidin powder ( made from blister beetles ) . The use of this poison is not well documented in any of the papal records and it was most likely conceived after 1503 as part of Pope Julius II 's effort to remove his name from the records . Damnatio memoriae is a modern Latin phrase literally meaning "condemnation of memory" , meaning that a person must not be remembered .
Damon Michael Gough ( born 2 October 1969 , in Dunstable , Bedfordshire ) , known by the stage name Badly Drawn Boy , is an English indie singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist . Wolf Alice are a four-piece alternative rock band from North London , formed initially as a two-person band in 2010 . Its members since 2012 are Ellie Rowsell ( vocals , guitar ) , Joff Oddie ( guitars , vocals ) , Theo Ellis ( bass ) , and Joel Amey ( drums , vocals ) .
The Crucible is a 1996 American historical drama film written by Arthur Miller adapting his play of the same title , inspired by the Salem witchcraft trials . It was directed by Nicholas Hytner and stars Daniel Day-Lewis as John Proctor , Winona Ryder as Abigail Williams , Paul Scofield as Judge Thomas Danforth , Bruce Davison as Reverend Parris , and Joan Allen as Elizabeth Proctor . Much of the filming took place on Choate Island in Essex , Massachusetts . William Preston ( August 26 , 1921 – July 10 , 1998 ) did not start his acting career until he was at the age of 47 but subsequently appeared in more than sixty productions of Shakespeare 's plays . He had a Master 's degree in English literature from Penn State . He is perhaps best known for his role as recurring character Carl "Oldy" Olson on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" . Among his many movie roles , he played John , the bum , from "The Fisher King" ( 1991 ) , a blacksmith in "Far and Away" ( 1992 ) , and the flask mourner in "Family Business" ( 1989 ) . He later appeared in "Waterworld" ( 1995 ) , "Reckless" ( 1995 ) , "Blue in the Face" ( 1995 ) , and "The Crucible" ( 1996 ) .
Craig Steven Virgin ( born August 2 , 1955 ) is an American distance runner . He was born in Belleville , Illinois and grew up near Lebanon , Illinois . While in high school , Virgin won 5 state championships ( two in cross country and three in track ) as well as setting the national outdoor high school 2-mile record of 8:40.9 ( beating Steve Prefontaine 's mark of 8:41.5 , though slightly short of Gerry Lindgren 's 8:40.0 indoor record from 1964 ) . Additionally , Virgin remains the record-holder in Illinois Boys Cross Country , running a 13:50.6 in 1972 , which has only been approached by within five seconds by Chris Derrick in 2007 ( 13:51.8 ) and Lukas Verzbicas in 2010 ( 13:53.8 ) . He was "Track and Field News" "High School Athlete of the Year" in 1973 . Lukas Verzbicas ( born "Lukas Veržbickas" January 6 , 1993 in Kaunas , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian-American triathlete . A prominent high school track and cross country runner , Verzbicas holds the U.S. high school national record in the 2 mile with a time of 8:29.46 . He was also the fifth of only nine American high school boys to run a sub four-minute mile , running 3:59.71 at the end of his senior year of high school .
Nadia Ali ( Urdu : ‎ , born 3 August 1980 ) is a Pakistani American singer-songwriter . Ali gained prominence in 2001 as the frontwoman and songwriter of the band iiO after their first debut single "Rapture" reached No . 2 on the UK Singles Chart . The song also charted across several countries in Europe . Their 2006 single , "Is It Love ? ", reached the top of the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play Chart . Queens of Clubs Trilogy : Onyx Edition is the second installment in the "Queen of Clubs Trilogy : The Best of Nadia Ali Remixed" , a compilation of remixes of tracks by singer-songwriter Nadia Ali . The album was released on October 28 , 2010 by Smile in Bed Records .
Priest Rapids Dam is a hydroelectric , concrete gravity dam ; located on the Columbia River , between the Yakima Firing Range and the Hanford Nuclear Reservation , and bridges Yakima County and Grant County , in the U.S. state of Washington . The dam is 24 miles south of the town of Vantage , and 47 miles northwest of the city of Richland . It is located at mile marker 397.1 from the mouth of the Columbia . It is owned by the Grant County Public Utility District . Priest Rapids , for which the dam was named , are now submerged beneath the dam 's reservoir . The Hanford Site is a mostly decommissioned nuclear production complex operated by the United States federal government on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington . The site has been known by many names , including : Hanford Project , Hanford Works , Hanford Engineer Works and Hanford Nuclear Reservation . Established in 1943 as part of the Manhattan Project in Hanford , south-central Washington , the site was home to the B Reactor , the first full-scale plutonium production reactor in the world . Plutonium manufactured at the site was used in the first nuclear bomb , tested at the Trinity site , and in Fat Man , the bomb detonated over Nagasaki , Japan .
Current Mood is the third studio album by American country music singer Dustin Lynch . It was released on September 8 , 2017 , via Broken Bow Records . The album includes the singles "Seein ' Red" and "Small Town Boy" , which have both reached number one on the Country Airplay chart . "Small Town Boy" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dustin Lynch . It was released to country radio on February 17 , 2017 as the second single from his third studio album , "Current Mood" .
Jackie DeShannon ( born August 21 , 1941/1944 ) is an American singer-songwriter with a string of hit song credits from the 1960s onwards , as both singer and composer . She was one of the first female singer-songwriters of the rock ' n ' roll period . She is best known as the singer of "What the World Needs Now Is Love" and "Put a Little Love in Your Heart" , and as the composer of "When You Walk in the Room" and "Bette Davis Eyes" , which were hits for The Searchers and Kim Carnes , respectively . DeShannon is currently an entertainment broadcast correspondent reporting Beatles band members ' news for the radio program "Breakfast with the Beatles" . "( He 's ) The Great Imposter" is a 1961 song by The Fleetwoods . The song was written by Sharon Sheeley and Jackie DeShannon . It reached # 30 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 . One of the musicians on the song was session drummer Earl Palmer .
The Javan leopard ( "Panthera pardus melas" ) is a leopard subspecies confined to the Indonesian island of Java and has been listed as Critically Endangered on the IUCN Red List since 2008 . The population is estimated at less than 250 mature individuals , with a decreasing population trend . The total remaining habitat is estimated at only 2267.9 to . Rampokan was a traditional Javan big cat fight . Panthers or tigers were released from wooden boxes and surrounded by warriors with lances trying to prevent them from breaking out of the circle . The rampokan would take place towards the end of Ramadan . It symbolized purification and the overcoming of evil . If the tigers and panthers succeeded in breaking through the circle , it was seen as an omen of disaster as famine . The ritual died out in the early 20th century . A battle between a tiger and buffalo was the first part of the event in its earlier incarnations , but in later years this was omitted .
Abronia , the sand-verbenas or wild lantanas , is a genus of about 20 species of annual or perennial herbaceous plants in the family Nyctaginaceae . Despite the common names , they are not related to "Verbena" ( vervains ) or lantanas in the family Verbenaceae . They are closely allied with "Tripterocalyx" . Manglietia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Magnoliaceae . There are about 40 species native to Asia .
The Red Cedar Inn opened in Pacific , Missouri , just after Prohibition ended . In 1932 , Route 66 reached Pacific , and the town got an economic boost . Before that , Pacific 's main commerce had been the mining of silica used to make fine glassware and construction materials , such as bricks . The Red Cedar Inn was a full service restaurant and served cocktails , since Prohibition had been repealed just before its opening . The inn became popular with travelers on Route 66 and was visited by baseball players Bob Klinger , Dizzy Dean , and Ted Williams . Jay Hanna "Dizzy" Dean ( January 16 , 1910 – July 17 , 1974 ) , also known as Jerome Herman Dean , was an American professional baseball player . He played in Major League Baseball as a pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals , Chicago Cubs and the St. Louis Browns . A brash and colorful personality , Dean was the last National League pitcher to win 30 games in one season . After his playing career , he became a popular television sports commentator . Dean was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1953 . When the Cardinals reopened the team Hall of Fame in 2014 , Dean was inducted among the inaugural class .
Excalibur Hotel and Casino is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , in the United States . It is owned and operated by MGM Resorts International . William G. Bennett ( November 16 , 1924-December 22 , 2002 ) was an American gaming executive and real estate developer . Noted for pioneering Las Vegas as a destination for middle-class tourists and their families , he is best remembered for his establishment of gaming giant Circus Circus Enterprises in 1974 . He served as chairman of Circus Circus between 1974 and 1994 . Under his leadership Circus Circus would go on to develop numerous additional properties throughout Nevada , including the Excalibur and Luxor casinos in Las Vegas . Following his departure from Circus Circus , Bennett purchased the Sahara Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas in 1995 and operated it until his death in 2002 .
Lucy Maud Montgomery { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( November 30 , 1874 – April 24 , 1942 ) published as L.M . Montgomery , was a Canadian author best known for a series of novels beginning in 1908 with "Anne of Green Gables" . The book was an immediate success . The central character , Anne Shirley , an orphaned girl , made Montgomery famous in her lifetime and gave her an international following . Owen Wister ( July 14 , 1860 – July 21 , 1938 ) was an American writer , historian and "father" of western fiction . He is best remembered for writing "The Virginian" and a biography of American Civil War Lt. Gen. and 18th President Ulysses S. Grant .
The Bolshoi Theatre ( Russian : Большо́й теа́тр , "Bol'shoy Teatr , Big Theatre" ; ] ) is a historic theatre in Moscow , Russia , designed by architect Joseph Bové , which holds ballet and opera performances . Before the October Revolution it was a part of the Imperial Theatres of the Russian Empire along with Maly Theatre ( "Small Theatre" ) in Moscow and a few theatres in Saint Petersburg ( Hermitage Theatre , Bolshoi ( Kamenny ) Theatre , later Mariinsky Theatre and others ) . Anna Khachaturovna Aglatova ( Russian : Анна Хачатуровна Аглатова ) is a Russian soprano singer who was born in Kislovodsk and by 2004 joined the singing department of the Gnessin State Musical College . Prior to it , she was a recipient of the "Sergei Leiferkus grant" from the Vladimir Spivakov Fund and in 2005 made her first public appearance at the Bolshoi Theatre . Her career there , have not started with ease since her father did n't want her to work for Bolshoi . In 2003 , she was a recipient of the first prize at the Bella voce International Competition and the same year participated at both the Christmas Festival at Düsseldorf and the fourteenth annual Chaliapin Season at Mineralnye Vody . She also was a participant for "Irina Arkhipova Fund" and was a part of the Novosibirsk Opera and Ballet Theatre . There , in 2006 , she sang the role of "Susanna" at the "The Marriage of Figaro" which was performed at the Moscow International Performance Arts Center and was directed by Tatjana Guerbaca while Teodor Currentzis was its conductor . In 2008 she became an All-Russian Festival winner , and next year became "Triumph prize" recipient .
Matt Doheny is an American businessman , lawyer , and politician . He was a Republican candidate for the United States Congress in New York State in 2010 and 2012 , losing narrowly on both occasions to Democrat Bill Owens . In 2014 , he ran in the Republican primary for New York 's 21st congressional district . Doheny lost the primary to Elise Stefanik , who subsequently went on to win the general election . Elise Marie Stefanik ( born July 2 , 1984 ) is an American politician from the state of New York . She is a member of the Republican Party and a member of the United States House of Representatives in New York 's 21 congressional district . She is the youngest woman ever elected to Congress , elected in 2014 at age 30 .
Hwang In-ho is a South Korean film director and screenwriter . He wrote and directed the horror-romantic comedy "Spellbound" ( 2011 ) and the crime thriller "Monster" ( 2014 ) . Spellbound ( ; lit . "Chilling Romance" ) is a 2011 South Korean horror romantic comedy film , starring Son Ye-jin and Lee Min-ki . It is about a magician who falls in love with a woman who can see ghosts . It was written and directed by Hwang In-ho which also marks his directorial debut .
Samuel Alexander Mendes , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 1 August 1965 ) is an English stage and film director . He is best known for directing the drama film "American Beauty" ( 1999 ) , which earned him the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Director , the crime film "Road to Perdition" ( 2002 ) , and the "James Bond" films "Skyfall" ( 2012 ) and "Spectre" ( 2015 ) . Ruby Yang ( 楊紫燁 ; Simplified Chinese : 杨紫烨 ) , is a Chinese American filmmaker .
Luis Enrique Martínez García ( ] ; born 8 May 1970 ) , known as Luis Enrique , is a Spanish former professional footballer , and a current manager . The 2012–13 season was Associazione Sportiva Roma 's 85th in existence and 84th season in the top flight of Italian football . The pre-season started with the June hiring of former manager Zdeněk Zeman . Zeman replaced Luis Enrique who resigned at the end of the 2011–12 season . Enrique 's lone season reign saw the disappointing loss to Slovan Bratislava in the Europa League as well as the inability to qualify for international competitions for the 2012–13 season . Roma eventually finished 7th , losing the Europa League chase to rivals Lazio , Napoli and Internazionale .
Northumbrian was a dialect of Old English spoken in the Anglian Kingdom of Northumbria . Together with Mercian , Kentish and West Saxon , it forms one of the sub-categories of Old English devised and employed by modern scholars . The Kingdom of Northumbria ( ; Old English : "Norþhymbra rīce" , "kingdom of the Northumbrians" ) was a medieval Anglian kingdom in what is now northern England and south-east Scotland , which subsequently became an earldom in a unified English kingdom . The name reflects the approximate southern limit to the kingdom 's territory , the Humber estuary .
The Quiet American is a 1958 American film and the first film adaptation of Graham Greene 's bestselling novel of the same name , and the first major American attempt to deal with the geo-politics of Indochina . It was written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , and stars Audie Murphy , Michael Redgrave , and Giorgia Moll . It was critically well-received , but was not considered a box office success . Joseph Leo Mankiewicz ( February 11 , 1909 – February 5 , 1993 ) was an American film director , screenwriter , and producer . Mankiewicz had a long Hollywood career , and he twice won the Academy Award for both Best Director and Best Writing , Screenplay for "A Letter to Three Wives" ( 1949 ) and "All About Eve" ( 1950 ) .
Dennis Banks ( born April 12 , 1937 ) , a Native American leader , teacher , lecturer , activist and author , is an Anishinaabe born on Leech Lake Indian Reservation in northern Minnesota . Banks is also known as Nowa Cumig ( "Naawakamig" in the Double Vowel System ) . His name in the Ojibwe language means "In the Center of the Universe ." He has been a longtime leader of the American Indian Movement , which he co-founded in 1968 with Native Americans in Minneapolis . Let Mother Earth Speak is a collaboration album , by Japanese new age musician Kitaro and Native American activist Dennis Banks .
The Dressmaker is a 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film written and directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse , based on the novel of the same name by Rosalie Ham . It stars Kate Winslet as a femme fatale in the titular role of the dressmaker , Myrtle "Tilly" Dunnage , who returns to a small Australian town to take care of her ailing , mentally unstable mother . The film explores the themes of revenge and creativity and was described by Moorhouse as "Clint Eastwood 's "Unforgiven" with a sewing machine ." Rebecca Catherine Gibney ( born 14 December 1964 ) is a New Zealand actress known for her roles on Australian television in "The Flying Doctors" , "Halifax f.p . ", "Packed to the Rafters" , "Winter" and "Wanted" . She is a Gold Logie winner and has featured in a number of Australian films including "Mental" and "The Dressmaker" .
Simona de Silvestro ( born 1 September 1988 ) is a Swiss race car driver . Having driven for Amlin Andretti in the 2015/16 season of the FIA Formula E Championship , she went on to secure a contract to drive in the Australian Supercars Championship from 2017 . Her nicknames are the "Iron Maiden" and "Swiss Miss ." The 2011 Indy Grand Prix of Sonoma was the seventh running of the Indy Grand Prix of Sonoma and the fourteenth round of the 2011 IndyCar Series season . It took place on Sunday , August 28 , 2011 . The race contested over 75 laps at the 2.303 mi Infineon Raceway in Sonoma , California . Will Power led 71 of 75 laps , as Team Penske swept 1st–2nd–3rd on the podium . It was the first 1–2–3 finish in an Indycar race for Penske since Nazareth in 1994 . Power closed to within 26 points of championship leader Dario Franchitti . Power also closed within 7 points of Franchitti for the "Mario Andretti Road Course Trophy" . Simon Pagenaud substituted for Simona de Silvestro after she had complications renewing her visa , and U.S. Customs would not allow her into the country .
Craig Robert Nicholls ( born 31 August 1977 ) is an Australian musician , best known as the lead singer , songwriter , and guitarist of the Australian alternative rock band The Vines , of which he is the only mainstay member . Norman Blake ( born 20 October 1965 , Bellshill , North Lanarkshire , Scotland ) is a singer , instrumentalist and songwriter in the Glasgow based band Teenage Fanclub .
The Hampshire and Hampden Canal was the Massachusetts segment of an 86 mi canal that once connected New Haven , Connecticut to the Connecticut River north of Northampton , Massachusetts . Its Connecticut segment was called the Farmington Canal . The Tennessee–Tombigbee Waterway ( popularly known as the Tenn-Tom ) is a 234-mile ( 377-kilometer ) man-made waterway that extends from the Tennessee River to the junction of the Black Warrior-Tombigbee River system near Demopolis , Alabama , United States . The Tennessee–Tombigbee Waterway links commercial navigation from the nation ’ s midsection to the Gulf of Mexico . The major features of the waterway are 10 locks and dams , a 175 ft deep cut between the Tombigbee River watershed and the Tennessee River watershed , and 234 mi of navigation channels .
The homotopy analysis method ( HAM ) is a semi-analytical technique to solve nonlinear ordinary/partial differential equations . The homotopy analysis method employs the concept of the homotopy from topology to generate a convergent series solution for nonlinear systems . This is enabled by utilizing a homotopy-Maclaurin series to deal with the nonlinearities in the system . In mathematics , a Taylor series is a representation of a function as an infinite sum of terms that are calculated from the values of the function 's derivatives at a single point .
Felipe de Jesús Calderón Hinojosa , GCB , R.E . ( ] ; born 18 August 1962 ) is a Mexican politician who served as President of Mexico from 1 December 2006 , to 30 November 2012 . He is a member of the National Action Party ( "Partido Acción Nacional" , PAN ) , one of the three major Mexican political parties . La Yesca Dam is an embankment dam on the Santiago River 90 km northwest of Guadalajara on the border of Mexico 's Nayarit and Jalisco states . Construction on the dam began in 2007 after Empresas ICA was awarded the main construction contract . The dam was inaugurated by President Felipe Calderón on 6 November 2012 . The dam supports a 750 MW hydroelectric power station and is part of the Hydroelectric System Santiago . Its construction will improve the regulation of water flow and subsequently power generation downstream at the El Cajón and Aguamilpa Dams .
Marilyn Martin ( born May 4 , 1954 ) is an American singer and songwriter . She is best known for her 1985 hit duet with Phil Collins , "Separate Lives ." Through His Eyes is the third studio album from American singer Marilyn Martin . It was originally recorded for a release in 1994 , however the album was shelved and did not receive an official release .
David Burns ( born 26 April 1959 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a British radio presenter working for the BBC . He is best known for his sports commentary , analysis and discussion on BBC Radio Humberside . BBC Radio Humberside is a BBC Local Radio service covering the area of the former English county of Humberside , which was returned to North Lincolnshire , North East Lincolnshire the East Riding of Yorkshire and the City of Kingston upon Hull on 1 April 1996 .
The Russian Tracker or Russian Retriever is an extinct breed of domestic dog . It is uncertain when precisely the breed ceased to exist ; it could still be found in the late 1800s . The Tracker was of Asiatic Russian origin . It was used for hundreds of years to protect and herd the flocks of the Indo-Aryan people in the wind-beaten , snow-swept Caucasus Mountains . The Lancashire Heeler is a small breed of dog developed for use as a drover and herder of cattle . The Lancashire Heeler is listed by the Kennel Club ( UK ) as a vulnerable breed .
The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino is a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino resort located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , United States , on the site of the old Sands Hotel . Designed by KlingStubbins , the hotel tower contains 36 stories and rises 475 ft . The Venetian is owned and operated by Las Vegas Sands . The Venetian also serves as the seat of the corporate headquarters for its parent company . The 58th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards was held on January 8 , 2007 . The National Television Academy announced the winners at The Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas . DIRECTV 's Eddy Hartenstein received the Lifetime Achievement Award for his role in the company 's becoming a global provider of digital television .
Isabella Kelly , née Fordyce , also Isabella Hedgeland ( born at Cairnburgh Castle in the Scottish Highlands and baptised on 4 May 1759 – died on 25 June 1857 in London ) was a Scottish novelist and poet . Cairnburgh Castle is a ruined castle that is located on the islands of Cairn na Burgh Mòr and Cairn na Burgh Beag , Argyll and Bute , Scotland . These islands are at the northern extremity of the Treshnish Isles at the mouth of Loch Tuath , Mull north of Iona . 1991 's "The Changing Scottish Landscape" characterizes it as "one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain ... [ and ] also one of the strangest ."
The Love for Three Oranges , Op . 33 , also known by its French language title L'amour des trois oranges ( Russian : Любовь к трём апельсинам , "Lyubov ' k tryom apel'sinam" ) , is a satirical opera by Sergei Prokofiev . Its French libretto was based on the Italian play "L'amore delle tre melarance" by Carlo Gozzi . The opera premiered at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago , Illinois , on 30 December 1921 . Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev ( ; Russian : Сергей Сергеевич Прокофьев , "Sergej Sergejevič Prokofjev" ; 27 April 1891 – 5 March 1953 ) was a Soviet composer , pianist and conductor . As the creator of acknowledged masterpieces across numerous musical genres , he is regarded as one of the major composers of the 20th century . His works include such widely heard works as the March from "The Love for Three Oranges ," the suite "Lieutenant Kijé" , the ballet "Romeo and Juliet" – from which "Dance of the Knights" is taken – and "Peter and the Wolf ." Of the established forms and genres in which he worked , he created – excluding juvenilia – seven completed operas , seven symphonies , eight ballets , five piano concertos , two violin concertos , a cello concerto , a Symphony-Concerto for cello and orchestra , and nine completed piano sonatas .
In the 2002–03 season , the Serie A , the major football Italian professional league , was composed by 18 teams , for the 15th consecutive time from season 1988–89 . The start of the season was marked by the departure of Ronaldo and the arrival of Hernán Crespo after club had already acquired Fabio Cannavaro , Matias Almeyda and Domenico Morfeo . Crespo , along with Vieri , built an attacking duo . Crespo was essential in the 2002–03 UEFA Champions League while Vieri usually scored in the domestic matches . Their partnership worked until Crespo sustained an injury , which sidelined him for several weeks . Without him , despite replaced by Batistuta , Inter lost some key matches . One of these was against Juventus who , could finally aim for the title .
Constantine is a 2005 American occult detective film directed by Francis Lawrence ( in his directorial debut ) and starring Keanu Reeves as John Constantine . Rachel Weisz , Shia LaBeouf , Tilda Swinton , Pruitt Taylor Vince , and Djimon Hounsou co-star . With a screenplay by Kevin Brodbin and Frank Cappello , the film is based on DC Comics ' "Hellblazer" comic book , with plot elements taken from the "Dangerous Habits" story arc ( issues # 4146 ) and the "Original Sins" story arc . The film portrays John Constantine as a cynic with the ability to perceive and communicate with half-angels and half-demons in their true form . He seeks salvation from eternal damnation in Hell for a suicide attempt in his youth . Constantine exorcises demons back to Hell to earn favor with Heaven but has become weary over time . With terminal lung cancer , he helps a troubled police detective learn the truth about her sister 's death while simultaneously unraveling a much larger and darker plot . Rich Lee is an American music video and commercial director signed to Native Content in Hollywood , California . He has directed music videos for Lana Del Rey , Maroon 5 , Eminem , The Black Eyed Peas , Norah Jones , Michael Bublé and The All-American Rejects . Rich Lee started his professional career as a sculptor and fabricator for Broadway shows in New York City . He later moved on to computer graphics and created 3-D previsualizations for big budget Hollywood feature films such as the first three "Pirates of the Caribbean" films , "I Am Legend" , "Minority Report" and "Constantine" . From the encouragement of feature film directors he moved into directing music videos and commercials . He has directed commercials for brands like Fiat , Hyundai , Honda , Beats by Dre etc .
The River Fiddich ( Scottish Gaelic : "Fiodhach / Abhainn Fhiodhaich" ) is a right bank tributary of the River Spey in northeast Scotland . It rises on the eastern slopes of Corriehabbie Hill in Glenfiddich Forest and flows northeastwards beneath the A941 road , past Auchindoun Castle to a sharp bend adjacent to the A920 road where it turns westwards to flow to Dufftown . The Fiddich is joined on the eastern edge of the town by the Dullan Water which drains Glen Rinnes . Their combined waters then flow generally northwestwards , passing beneath the B9014 road near Balvenie Castle and then the A95 at Craigellachie immediately before meeting the Spey . Balvenie Castle is a ruined castle near Dufftown in the Moray region of Scotland .
Gene Sculatti ( born 1947/1948 ) is a music journalist who compiled and edited the book "The Catalog of Cool" ( 1982 ) . In 1966 , he became the first journalist to write about the nascent San Francisco music scene in a national magazine ( "Crawdaddy ! ") . He is formerly an editorial director for Warner Bros. Records and the magazine "Billboard" . He has also written for "Rolling Stone" , "Creem" , and "Radio & Records" . Creem ( which is always capitalized in print as "CREEM" despite the magazine 's nameplate appearing in mostly lower case letters ) , "America 's Only Rock ' n ' Roll Magazine" , was a monthly rock ' n ' roll publication first published in March 1969 by Barry Kramer and founding editor Tony Reay . It suspended production in 1989 but received a short-lived renaissance in the early 1990s as a glossy tabloid . Lester Bangs , often cited as "America 's Greatest Rock Critic" , became editor in 1971 . The term "punk rock" was coined by the magazine in May 1971 , in Dave Marsh 's "Looney Tunes" column about Question Mark & the Mysterians .
Pseudaelurus is a prehistoric cat that lived in Europe , Asia and North America in the Miocene between approximately 20 to 8 million years ago . It is an ancestor of today 's felines and pantherines as well as the extinct machairodont saber-tooths , and is a successor to "Proailurus" . It originated from Eurasia and was the first felid to reach North America , when it entered the continent at about 18.5 Ma ending a 'cat-gap ' of 7 million years . The slender proportions of the animal , together with its short , viverrid-like legs , suggest that it may have been an agile climber of trees . Pantherinae is a subfamily within the cat family Felidae named and first described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1917 .
Julián Castro ( , ] ; born September 16 , 1974 ) is an American Democratic politician who served as the 16th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under President Barack Obama from 2014 to 2017 . Philip A. Cortez ( born July 7 , 1978 ) is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives . He previously served as a State Representative for House District 117 during the 83rd Legislative Session . From 2007 to 2012 , he was a member of the nominally nonpartisan San Antonio City Council , on which he was a firm ally of then Mayor Julian Castro .
Mike Bushell is a sports presenter for the BBC . He presents the sport on "BBC Breakfast" on Fridays and at the weekends , and sometimes on other weekdays . Bushell holds the world record for trying different sports , on his Saturday morning slot , on BBC 1 , in which he tries to inspire people off the sofa , to be more active and try a new activity . He maintains there is a sport for all , and no one should feel they ca n't do it . He has consequently tried out and profiled over 350 sports : ranging from the bizarre like shin kicking , whip cracking and swamp soccer to new mainstream sport initiatives like Rush hockey , spike volleyball , and shopping centre squash . His features often include top tips from the stars , like Serena Williams , Colin Montgomerie and Ben Ainslie . Sir Charles Benedict Ainslie , CBE ( born 5 February 1977 ) is an English competitive sailor .
Skindles was a hotel in Maidenhead , England , on the Buckinghamshire bank of the River Thames by Maidenhead Bridge . Formerly the Orkney Arms , built in 1743 , it was turned from a coaching inn into a fashionable hotel by William Skindle in 1833 . In the 20th century , it became notorious as a place for adulterous assignations . Its guests included Winston Churchill and Princess Margaret , and musicians who performed there included The Rolling Stones and The Strawbs . The hotel appears in the film Kind Hearts and Coronets . Skindles is mentioned in the play Journey 's End by R. C. Sherriff : 'We danced a bit at Skindles , and drank a lot of port and muck ' . Kind Hearts and Coronets is a 1949 British black comedy film . It features Dennis Price , Joan Greenwood , Valerie Hobson and Alec Guinness ; Guinness plays nine characters . The plot is loosely based on the novel "Israel Rank : The Autobiography of a Criminal" ( 1907 ) by Roy Horniman . It concerns Louis D'Ascoyne Mazzini , the son of a woman disowned by her aristocratic family for marrying out of her social class . After her death Louis decides to take revenge on the family , and to take the dukedom , by murdering the eight people ahead of him in succession to the title .
The Portuguese Podengo is an ancient multi-sensory hound ( sight and scent ) breed of dog from Portugal . As a breed , the Podengo is divided into three size categories that are not interbred : small ( Pequeno ) , medium ( Medio ) and large ( Grande ) . Their coats are either short and 'smooth ' , or longer and 'wired ' . The smooth coated variety is traditional , dating back to the 5th century , whereas the wire coated variety is an outcome of the assimilation of various other breeds during the 20th century . In general , the breed is healthy ; the Pequeno ( small ) variety has an average lifespan of approximately 15–17 years . The Schweizerischer Niederlaufhund ( FCI No , 60 ) ( translated into English as the Small Swiss Hound , is a breed of dog of the scenthound type from Switzerland . "Niederlaufhund" means short-legged hound . The breed has a number of different varieties ( all of the same breed ) .
The Lady Craved Excitement is a 1950 British comedy film directed by Francis Searle and written by John Gilling . It featured Hy Hazell , Michael Medwin and Sid James . An early Hammer film , it is significant as one of five films shot at Oakley Court and the first to feature its famous exterior , located next door to Bray Studios . Sid James ( born Solomon Joel Cohen ; 8 May 1913 – 26 April 1976 ) was a South African-born British character actor and comedy actor .
Sir Pelham Grenville Wodehouse { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( ; 15 October 188114 February 1975 ) was an English author and one of the most widely read humorists of the 20th century . Born in Guildford , the son of a British magistrate based in Hong Kong , Wodehouse spent happy teenage years at Dulwich College , to which he remained devoted all his life . After leaving school he was employed by a bank but disliked the work and turned to writing in his spare time . His early novels were mostly school stories , but he later switched to comic fiction , creating several regular characters who became familiar to the public over the years . They include the jolly gentleman of leisure Bertie Wooster and his sagacious valet , Jeeves ; the immaculate and loquacious Psmith ; Lord Emsworth and the Blandings Castle set ; the Oldest Member , with stories about golf ; and Mr Mulliner , with tall tales on subjects ranging from bibulous bishops to megalomaniac movie moguls . Unsworth was born on 10 August 1930 in Wingate , a mining village in County Durham , England , to a family of miners . His father first entered the mines at age 12 and ordinarily Unsworth would have followed him as a miner . However , when his father was 19 , he travelled to the United States for a few years and on returning to Britain entered the insurance business and thus began moving his family up the economic ladder and out of the mines . "He rescued my brother and me from that long chain of continuity that happens in mining villages ," Unsworth said .
The 2015 MSA Formula Championship was a multi-event , Formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held across England and Scotland . The championship features a mix of professional motor racing teams and privately funded drivers , competing in Formula 4 cars that conform to the technical regulations for the championship . This , the inaugural season , following on from the British Formula Ford Championship , will be the first year that the cars conform to the FIA 's Formula 4 regulations . Part of the TOCA tour , it forms part of the extensive program of support categories built up around the British Touring Car Championship centrepiece . Motorsport or motorsports is a global term used to encompass the group of competitive sporting events which primarily involve the use of motorised vehicles , whether for racing or non-racing competition . The terminology can also be used to describe forms of competition of two-wheeled motorised vehicles under the banner of motorcycle racing , and includes off-road racing such as motocross .
Charlotte Baldwin Allen ( July 14 , 1805 – August 3 , 1895 ) is known in Texan history as the "mother of Houston" . She was the wife of Augustus Chapman Allen , who used her inheritance to finance the founding of this city . The recorded History of Texas begins with the arrival of the first Spanish conquistadors in the region of North America now known as Texas in 1519 , who found the region populated by numerous Native American /Indian tribes . Native Americans ' ancestors had been there for more than 10,000 years as evidenced by the discovery of the remains of prehistoric Leanderthal Lady . During the period of recorded history from A.D. 1519 to 1848 , all or parts of Texas were claimed by five countries : France , Spain , Mexico , the Republic of Texas , the United States of America—as well as the secessionist Confederate States of America in 1861–1865 , during the American Civil War .
Ruffin Horne McNeill Jr. ( born October 8 , 1958 ) is an American football coach and former player . He is currently the assistant head coach and defensive tackles coach at the University of Oklahoma . He was previously the assistant head coach and defensive line coach at the University of Virginia . McNeill also served as the head coach of the East Carolina Pirates from 2010 to 2015 . Before being named head coach of the Pirates , McNeill served the Texas Tech Red Raiders as an interim head coach , assistant head coach , special teams coordinator , and linebackers coach . On December 28 , 2009 , he was named interim head coach of the Red Raiders following the suspension and later firing of head coach Mike Leach . He served in the position until the hiring of Tommy Tuberville , who subsequently released him as defensive coordinator . Michael Charles Leach ( born March 9 , 1961 ) is an American college football coach . He is the head coach of the Washington State Cougars football team . Previously , he was head coach of the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team , leading the Red Raiders to winning seasons in every year of his tenure .
Night of Joy is an annual contemporary Christian music festival that takes place at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida . It started in 1983 and normally takes place in the first or second week of September . The event was held at the Magic Kingdom until 2008 , when it was moved to Disney 's Hollywood Studios for two years . At Night of Joy 2009 , it was announced during the MercyMe concert that the event will return to the Magic Kingdom due to popular demand . In 2016 , the event will be held at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex . The ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex is a 220 acre athletic complex located in the Walt Disney World Resort , in Bay Lake , Florida , near Orlando , Florida . The complex includes 9 venues and hosts numerous amateur and professional sporting events throughout the year .
Geoffrey Roy Rush { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 6 July 1951 ) is an Australian actor and film producer . Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting" : the Academy Award , the Primetime Emmy Award , and the Tony Award . He has won one Academy Award for acting ( from four nominations ) , three British Academy Film Awards ( from five nominations ) , two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards . Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year . He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award , BAFTA Award , Critics ' Choice Movie Award , Golden Globe Award , and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" ( 1996 ) . Intolerable Cruelty is a 2003 American romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Joel and Ethan Coen , and produced by Brian Grazer and the Coens . The script was written by Robert Ramsey and Matthew Stone & Ethan and Joel Coen , with the latter writing the last draft of the screenplay , about divorce and lawyers in Los Angeles . The film stars George Clooney , Catherine Zeta-Jones , Geoffrey Rush , Cedric the Entertainer , Edward Herrmann , Paul Adelstein , Richard Jenkins and Billy Bob Thornton .
Søren Lindsted ( born February 2 , 1957 ) is a Danish former football player in the striker position . He started his career as a semi-professional with Holbæk Boldklub , reaching the 1976 Danish Cup final and was the team top goalscorer in 1977 and 1978 . He then signed a professional contract with FC Twente in the Netherlands , playing there from 1979 to 1982 . He also played for Belgian teams KFC Winterslag and RFC de Liège , before returning to Holbæk in 1985 . He played a single season with KB , before ending his career with Holbæk in 1990 . Kjøbenhavns Boldklub or KB is a Danish sports club based in Copenhagen . The club was founded 26 April 1876 on the grassy fields in outer Copenhagen which later became Fælledparken . Football and cricket has been played in KB since 1879 , making KB one of the oldest football clubs on Continental Europe and the oldest general sports club on the continent ( with more than just one sport ) . Tennis has been played since 1883 . The club hosted , in 1921 , one of the early tennis majors : the World Covered Court Championships , won by William Laurentz that year . Today , along with the sports already mentioned , the club also has facilities for badminton , swimming and pétanque .
Les Misérables is a 1935 American drama film starring Fredric March and Charles Laughton based upon the famous Victor Hugo novel of the same name . The movie was adapted by W. P. Lipscomb and directed by Richard Boleslawski . This was the last film for Twentieth Century Pictures before it merged with Fox Film Corporation to form 20th Century Fox . The plot of the film basically follows Hugo 's novel "Les Misérables" , but there are a large number of differences . Charles Laughton ( 1 July 1899 – 15 December 1962 ) was an English stage and film actor , director , producer and screenwriter . Laughton was trained in London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and first appeared professionally on the stage in 1926 . In 1927 , he was cast in a play with his future wife Elsa Lanchester , with whom he lived and worked until his death ; they had no children .
Raiffeisen Bankengruppe is the larger of two groups of cooperative banks in Austria ( another one was Austrian Volksbanks ) . Raiffeisen Zentralbank Österreich AG was the central institution of the Raiffeisen Banking Group Austria ( RBG ) . The central bank was merged with its subsidiary Raiffeisen Bank International in 2017 .
Cromwell station , also known as Cromwell Station/Glen Burnie or Cromwell/Glen Burnie , is a Baltimore Light Rail station in Glen Burnie , Maryland . It is one of the system 's two southern terminals , and one of two stations in Glen Burnie . Trains depart Cromwell/Glen Burnie bound for Timonium station ( during peak commuting hours on weekdays ) or Hunt Valley station ( at all other times ) . Unlike the nearby Ferndale station , there are currently 795 free parking spaces and connections can be made to MTA Maryland 's Route 14 bus from here . South of the station , the lines terminate on an embankment on the northwest corner of Maryland Route 648 and Maryland Route 176 to the east of Interstate 97 , and the right of way is replaced by the Baltimore and Annapolis Rail Trail . Glen Burnie is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States . It is a suburb of Baltimore . The population of Glen Burnie was 67,639 at the 2010 census .
Sir Ahmed Salman Rushdie , FRSL ( ; Kashmiri : अहमद सलमान रुशदी , ; born 19 June 1947 ) is a British Indian novelist and essayist . His second novel , "Midnight 's Children" ( 1981 ) , won the Booker Prize in 1981 and was deemed to be "the best novel of all winners" on two separate occasions , marking the 25th and the 40th anniversary of the prize . Much of his fiction is set on the Indian subcontinent . He combines magical realism with historical fiction ; his work is concerned with the many connections , disruptions , and migrations between Eastern and Western civilizations . An Essay on Censorship is a lengthy letter , in verse , by Anthony Burgess addressed to his fellow novelist Salman Rushdie . Published in the wake of the 1989 Iranian "fatwa" against Rushdie and the Bradford book-burnings that followed , Burgess 's letter has been compared to the "Essay on Man" of Alexander Pope .
Saulius Kuzminskas ( born May 30 , 1982 ) is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player . His younger brother Mindaugas is also a basketball player for the New York Knicks . Mindaugas Kuzminskas ( born 19 October 1989 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He also represents the Lithuanian national team . Standing at 2.06 m , he plays at the small forward position .
"Not About Angels" is a song by English musician Birdy . It is one of the theme songs for the film adaptation of the book "The Fault in Our Stars" . The Fault in Our Stars is the sixth novel by author John Green , published in January 2012 . The title is inspired by Act 1 , Scene 2 of Shakespeare 's play "Julius Caesar" , in which the nobleman Cassius says to Brutus : "The fault , dear Brutus , is not in our stars , / But in ourselves , that we are underlings ." The story is narrated by Hazel Grace Lancaster , a 16-year-old girl with cancer . Hazel is forced by her parents to attend a support group where she subsequently meets and falls in love with 17-year-old Augustus Waters , an ex-basketball player and amputee . A feature film adaptation of the novel directed by Josh Boone and starring Shailene Woodley , Ansel Elgort and Nat Wolff was released on June 6 , 2014 . Both the book and its film adaptation were met with strong critical and commercial success .
Robert Mark "Rob" Marciano ( born June 25 , 1968 ) is an American journalist and meteorologist who is currently employed by ABC News . Marciano is ABC 's , and currently provides forecasts for the weekend editions of "Good Morning America" , a position Ginger Zee vacated when she was chosen to succeed Champion on the daily editions of "GMA" . Kait Parker is an atmospheric scientist who currently works for weather.com and The Weather Channel app . She can also occasionally be seen on "Good Morning America" where she fills-in for meteorologist Rob Marciano on weekends . . Prior to her role with weather.com , she was an on-camera meteorologist and host of America 's Morning Headquarters Weekend Edition alongside Reynolds Wolf . She left The Weather Channel television network in early 2016 .
Charles Bronson ( born Charles Dennis Buchinsky ; Lithuanian : "Karolis Dionyzas Bučinskis" ; November 3 , 1921 – August 30 , 2003 ) was an American actor . Michèle Mercier ( born 1 January 1939 as Jocelyne Yvonne Renée Mercier ) is a French actress . In the course of her career she has worked with leading directors like François Truffaut , Jean-Pierre Melville , Jacques Deray , Dino Risi , Mario Monicelli , Mario Bava , Peter Collinson and Ken Annakin . Her leading men have included Marcello Mastroianni , Vittorio Gassman , Jean-Paul Belmondo , Jean Gabin , Charles Aznavour , Robert Hossein , Charles Bronson , Tony Curtis and Charlton Heston . She has appeared in over fifty films , and is best known for her starring role in "Angelique , Marquise des Anges" .
Babycham is the trade name of a light , sparkling perry invented by Francis Showering , a brewer in Shepton Mallet in Somerset , England ; the name is now owned by Accolade Wines . The brand was particularly popular during the 1960s and 1970s . Accolade Wines is a major global wine business with headquarters in South Australia .
Timanfaya National Park ( Spanish : "Parque Nacional de Timanfaya" ) is a Spanish national park in the southwestern part of the island of Lanzarote , Canary Islands . It covers parts of the municipalities Tinajo and Yaiza . The area is 51.07 km2 . The parkland is entirely made up of volcanic soil . The Picos de Europa National Park ( Spanish : "Parque Nacional de Picos de Europa" ) is a National Park in the Picos de Europa mountain range , in northern Spain . It is within the boundaries of three autonomous communities , Asturias , Cantabria and Castile and León , which are represented on the body which runs the park .
Troy is a city in Lincoln County , Montana , United States . The population was 938 at the 2010 census . Vegepet is the brand of a line of vegan dog and cat food by Harbingers of a New Age , based in Troy , Montana , United States .
Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams ( February 12 , 1775 – May 15 , 1852 ) , wife of John Quincy Adams , was First Lady of the United States from 1825 to 1829 . The daughter of the American Consul in London , she was the first First Lady to be born outside the United States , or outside areas that were later to become part of the United States , such as the Thirteen Colonies – a distinction that would not be replicated until 192 years later by Melania Trump . Melania Trump ( ; born Melanija Knavs ; ] , Germanized to Melania Knauss ; April 26 , 1970 ) is the current First Lady of the United States . Before marrying future President Donald Trump in 2005 , she worked as a fashion model ; by 2016 she considered herself a "full-time mom ."
Michael James Owen ( born 14 December 1979 ) is an English former footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool , Real Madrid , Newcastle United , Manchester United and Stoke City , as well as for the England national team . Since retiring from football , he has become a successful racehorse breeder and owner . Leslie Terence Owen ( born 11 September 1949 ) is an English former footballer who played as a striker . He is the father of former England international striker Michael Owen .
Fastbacks were a Seattle , Washington , punk rock band . Formed in 1979 by songwriter/guitarist Kurt Bloch ( born August 28 , 1960 ) , and friends Lulu Gargiulo ( guitar and vocals , born October 12 , 1960 ) and Kim Warnick ( bass and vocals , born April 7 , 1959 ) , they disbanded in 2001 . Their sound mixed a generally punk rock approach to vocals and sound textures with poppy tunes and strong musicianship . Local Natives ( previously known as Cavil at Rest ) is an American indie rock band based in Silver Lake , Los Angeles , California , United States . Their debut album , "Gorilla Manor" , was first released in the UK in November 2009 , and later released in the US on February 16 , 2010 . The album received mostly positive reviews and debuted in the Billboard 200 and at No . 3 in the New Artist Chart . Their second album , "Hummingbird" , was released in January 2013 . Their third album , "Sunlit Youth" , was released in September 2016 .
Bet365 Group Ltd ( styled as "bet365" ) is a gambling company based in the United Kingdom . Bet365 is one of the world 's leading online gambling groups with over 19 million customers in almost two hundred countries . The Group employs over 3,000 people and is the largest private employer in the city of Stoke-on-Trent . Denise Coates CBE ( born 26 September 1967 ) is an English businesswoman , founder and joint chief executive of online gambling company Bet365 . She has been listed in the "Forbes" magazine ’ s rich list , with an estimated personal fortune of $ 4.1 billion ( approximately £3.17 billion ) .
The Secret of NIMH is a 1982 American animated dark-science fantasy adventure film directed by Don Bluth in his directorial debut . It is an adaptation of Robert C. O'Brien 's 1971 children 's novel "Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH" . The film was produced by Aurora Productions and released by MGM/UA Entertainment Company for United Artists and features the voices of Elizabeth Hartman , Dom DeLuise , Arthur Malet , Derek Jacobi , Hermione Baddeley , John Carradine , Peter Strauss , and Paul Shenar . The "Mrs. Frisby" name in the novel had to be changed to "Mrs. Brisby" during production due to trademark concerns with Frisbee discs . It was followed in 1998 by a direct-to-video sequel called "" , which was made without Bluth 's involvement or input . In 2015 , a CGI/live action reboot was reported to be in the works . Mary Elizabeth Hartman ( December 23 , 1943 – June 10 , 1987 ) was an American actress , best known for her performance in the 1965 film "A Patch of Blue" , playing a blind girl named Selina D'Arcy , opposite Sidney Poitier , a role for which she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress and the Golden Globe Award . The next year , she appeared in Francis Ford Coppola 's "You 're a Big Boy Now" ( 1966 ) as Barbara Darling , for which she was nominated for a second Golden Globe Award .
Arenga is a genus of palms , native to Southeast Asia , southern China , New Guinea , and northern Australia . They are small to medium-sized palms , growing to 2–20 m tall , with pinnate leaves 2–12 m long . Arenga palms can grow in areas with little sunlight and relatively infertile soil . The chestnut group is a genus ( Castanea ) of eight or nine species of deciduous trees and shrubs in the beech family Fagaceae , native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere .
Robert Michael Fomon ( January 3 , 1925 - May 31 , 2000 ) was an American financier who was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of E. F. Hutton & Co. from 1970 to 1987 , a governor of the New York Stock Exchange , and Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Pacific Stock Exchange . The New York Stock Exchange ( abbreviated as NYSE and nicknamed "The Big Board" ) , is an American stock exchange located at 11 Wall Street , Lower Manhattan , New York City , New York . It is by far the world 's largest stock exchange by market capitalization of its listed companies at US $ 21.3 trillion as of June 2017 . The average daily trading value was approximately 169 billion in 2013 . The NYSE trading floor is located at 11 Wall Street and is composed of 21 rooms used for the facilitation of trading . A fifth trading room , located at 30 Broad Street , was closed in February 2007 . The main building and the 11 Wall Street building were designated National Historic Landmarks in 1978 .
Nathalie Sarraute ( ] ; July 18 , 1900 – October 19 , 1999 ) was a French lawyer and writer . Anchee Min or Min Anqi ( ; born January 14 , 1957 in Shanghai , China ) is a Chinese-American author who lives in San Francisco and Shanghai . Min has published two memoirs , "Red Azalea" and "" , and six historical novels . Her fiction emphasizes strong female characters , such as Jiang Qing , the wife of chairman Mao Zedong , and Empress Dowager Cixi , the last ruling empress of China .
Mel Shaw ( December 19 , 1914 – November 22 , 2012 ) was an American animator , design artist , writer , and artist . Shaw was involved in the animation , story design , and visual development of numerous Disney animated films , beginning with "Bambi" , which was released in 1942 . His other animated film credits , usually involving animation design or the story , included "The Rescuers" in 1977 , "The Fox and the Hound" in 1981 , "The Black Cauldron" in 1985 , "The Great Mouse Detective" in 1986 , "Beauty and the Beast" in 1991 , and "The Lion King" in 1994 . He was named a Disney Legend in 2004 for his contributions to the Walt Disney Company . The Lion King is a 1994 American animated epic musical film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is the 32nd Disney animated feature film , and the fifth animated film produced during a period known as the Disney Renaissance . "The Lion King" was directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff , produced by Don Hahn , and has a screenplay credited to Irene Mecchi , Jonathan Roberts , and Linda Woolverton . Its original songs were written by composer Elton John and lyricist Tim Rice , and original scores were written by Hans Zimmer . The film features an ensemble voice cast that includes Matthew Broderick , James Earl Jones , Jeremy Irons , Jonathan Taylor Thomas , Moira Kelly , Nathan Lane , Ernie Sabella , Rowan Atkinson , Robert Guillaume , Madge Sinclair , Whoopi Goldberg , Cheech Marin , and Jim Cummings . The story takes place in a kingdom of lions in Africa and was influenced by William Shakespeare 's "Hamlet" .
Skaneateles ( or ) is a town in Onondaga County , New York , United States . The population was 7,209 at the 2010 census . The name is from the Iroquois term for the adjacent "Skaneateles" Lake , which means "long lake ." The town is on the western border of the county and includes a village , also named Skaneateles . Both town and village are southwest of Syracuse . Shepard Settlement was a farming hamlet in the northeastern part of the Town of Skaneateles in Onondaga County , New York .
"The Dark Tower" series of novels , by Stephen King , contain references to numerous locations . Some of those locations are listed below . The Dark Tower is a series of eight books written by American author Stephen King that incorporates themes from multiple genres , including dark fantasy , science fantasy , horror , and Western . It describes a "gunslinger" and his quest toward a tower , the nature of which is both physical and metaphorical . The series , and its use of the Dark Tower , expands upon Stephen King 's multiverse and in doing so , links together many of his other novels . King has described the series as his "magnum opus" . In addition to the eight novels of the series proper that comprise 4,250 pages , many of King 's other books relate to the story , introducing concepts and characters that come into play as the series progresses .
The Kansas Jayhawks men 's basketball program is the intercollegiate men 's basketball program of the University of Kansas . It is one of the oldest and is one of the most successful programs in the history of basketball . The program is classified in the NCAA 's Division I and the team competes in the Big 12 Conference . Billy Preston ( born October 26 , 1997 ) is an American college basketball player for the Kansas Jayhawks .
Lee 's Summit is a city located within the counties of Jackson ( primarily ) and Cass in the U.S. state of Missouri . As of the 2010 census its population was about 91,364 , making it the sixth-largest city in both the state and in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area . In 2006 , CNN/Money and "Money" magazine ranked Lee 's Summit 44th on its list of the "100 Best Cities to Live in the United States ." That ranking improved to 27th on the 2010 list . Orville Maynard Siegfried ( February 19 , 1903 – May 1965 ) was a professional American football player for the St. Louis All-Stars . He attended high school in Lee 's Summit , Missouri . He attended Washington & Jefferson College .
The Purple Line , previously designated the Bi-County Transitway , is a 16.2 mi light rail line under construction to link the Maryland suburbs of Bethesda , Silver Spring , College Park , and New Carrollton , all in the Washington metropolitan area . The line would allow riders to move between the Red , Green , and Orange lines of the Washington Metro transportation system without needing to ride into central Washington , D.C . The project is administered by the Maryland Transit Administration ( MTA ) . On October 7 , 2011 , the proposed light rail line received Federal Transit Administration approval to enter the detailed engineering phase , which , according to "The Washington Post" , is "a significant step forward in its decades-long trek toward construction ." The Takoma Langley Crossroads Transit Center is a bus transit center in Langley Park , Maryland . It is at the intersection of University Boulevard and New Hampshire Avenue , and is the largest bus-only transfer in the Washington , D.C. metropolitan area . It is a future transfer point for the Purple Line .
Marc Predka ( born April 21 , 1975 ) better known by his stage name Tha Trademarc , is an American hip hop artist . He first came to prominence when he and his first cousin , WWE wrestler John Cena , collaborated on the 2005 album "You Ca n't See Me" , including Cena 's entrance theme "The Time Is Now" . He also appeared in the music videos of the songs , "Bad Bad Man" and "Right Now" with Cena . Prior to the album , Trademarc appeared on Cena 's first WWE DVD "Word Life" . He now works as a classroom specialist for the Peace Corps of America . "The Time Is Now" is a song by professional wrestler , actor , and hip hop musician John Cena . It is the current entrance theme Cena uses as he makes his entrance to the ring . Currently wrestling for WWE , Cena recorded the song in 2005 for his debut studio album , "You Ca n't See Me" .
Bobby Arora ( born January 1972 ) is a British billionaire businessman , trading director of the retail chain B & M. B & M European Retail Value S.A. ( also known as B & M Bargains and the larger B & M Homestore ) was formed in 1978 and is now one of the leading variety retailers in the United Kingdom , employing over 22,500 staff . It is listed on the London Stock Exchange , and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index .
Otto Eduard Leopold , Prince of Bismarck , Duke of Lauenburg ( 1 April 1815 – 30 July 1898 ) , known as Otto von Bismarck ( ] ) , was a conservative Prussian statesman who dominated German and European affairs from the 1860s until 1890 . In the 1860s , he engineered a series of wars that unified the German states , deliberately excluding Austria , into a powerful German Empire under Prussian leadership . With that accomplished by 1871 , he skillfully used balance of power diplomacy to maintain Germany 's position in a Europe which , despite many disputes and war scares , remained at peace . For historian Eric Hobsbawm , it was Bismarck who "remained undisputed world champion at the game of multilateral diplomatic chess for almost twenty years after 1871 , [ and ] devoted himself exclusively , and successfully , to maintaining peace between the powers" . However , his annexation of Alsace-Lorraine gave new fuel to French nationalism and promoted Germanophobia in France . This helped set the stage for the First World War . Royal Flash is a 1975 film based on George MacDonald Fraser 's second Flashman novel , "Royal Flash" . It stars Malcolm McDowell as Flashman . Additionally , Oliver Reed appeared in the role of Otto von Bismarck , Alan Bates as Rudi von Sternberg , and Florinda Bolkan played Lola Montez . Fraser wrote the screenplay and the film was directed by Richard Lester .
Spin Doctors is a rock band from USA , formed in New York City , best known for their early 1990s hits , "Two Princes" and "Little Miss Ca n't Be Wrong" , which peaked on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at No . 7 and No . 17 , respectively . Chumbawamba were a British rock band that formed in 1982 and had major success until their final performances in 2012 . The band constantly shifted in musical style , drawing on genres such as punk rock , pop , folk , and experimental . The band 's anarchist or libertarian socialist political stance exhibited an irreverent attitude toward authority , and the band have been forthright in their stances on issues including animal rights , pacifism ( early in their career ) and later regarding class struggle , feminism , gay liberation , pop culture and anti-fascism .
Thomas Anthony Jankiewicz ( September 8 , 1963 – January 23 , 2013 ) was an American screenwriter . Jankiewicz was best known for penning the 1997 film , "Grosse Pointe Blank" , starring John Cusack , Minnie Driver , Alan Arkin , and Dan Aykroyd . "Grosse Pointe Blank" tells the story of an assassin , played by John Cusack , who returns to his hometown for his 10-year high school reunion . Amelia Fiona "Minnie" Driver ( born 31 January 1970 ) is an English actress and singer-songwriter . She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Gus van Sant 's "Good Will Hunting" ( 1997 ) for her role as Skylar , and for the Emmy Award and Golden Globe for her work in the television series "The Riches" ( 2007-2008 ) . Her film work includes "Sleepers" , "Grosse Pointe Blank" , "Tarzan" , "Return to Me" , "Ella Enchanted" , "The Phantom of the Opera" , "Conviction" , & "Barney 's Version" . She starred as Fiona Bowa on the NBC sitcom "About a Boy" and currently stars as Maya DiMeo on the critically acclaimed ABC sitcom "Speechless" .
Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport ( IATA : AMA , ICAO : KAMA , FAA LID : AMA ) is a public airport six miles ( 10 km ) east of downtown Amarillo , in Potter and Randall Counties , Texas , United States . The airport was renamed in 2003 after NASA astronaut and Amarillo native Rick Husband , who died in the Space Shuttle "Columbia" disaster in February of that year . Grand Forks International Airport ( IATA : GFK , ICAO : KGFK , FAA LID : GFK ) is a public airport five miles ( 8 km ) northwest of Grand Forks , in Grand Forks County , North Dakota . GFK has no scheduled passenger flights out of the country but has an "international" title ( like many other airports ) because it has customs service for arrivals from Canada and other countries .
Icknield Walk First School is a larger than average first school located in Royston , Hertfordshire , England . It has approximately 335 registered students and has an overall 'Outstanding ' Ofsted rating . The school runs the Rise and Shine Breakfast Club for its pupils and hosts both the Fair Play After School / Holiday Club and the Queens Road Playgroup . Royston is a town and civil parish in the District of North Hertfordshire and county of Hertfordshire in England .
The Labrador Retriever , also Labrador , is a type of retriever-gun dog . The Labrador is one of the most popular breeds of dog in the United Kingdom and the United States . The Tibetan Terrier is a medium-size breed of dog that originated in Tibet . Despite its name , it is not a member of the terrier group . The breed was given its English name by European travelers due to its resemblance to known terrier breeds . The Tibetan name for the breed , Tsang Apso , roughly translates to "shaggy or bearded ( "apso" ) dog , from the province of Tsang" . Some old travelers ' accounts refer to the dog as Dokhi Apso or "outdoor" Apso , indicating a shaggy or bearded working dog which lives outdoors .
Shape is a monthly English language fitness magazine started by Weider Publications in 1981 , founded by Christine MacIntyre ( a pioneer in women 's free weight fitness ) and became the number one women 's fitness magazine . At that time , Weider Enterprises consisted primarily of the bodybuilding magazine "Muscle & Fitness" . Joe Weider and Christine MacIntyre had differing views of how to present "Shape" , Weider endorsing a less journalistic and more commercial approach to articles , MacIntyre endorsing a more academic , doctor-based magazine . Weider also endorsed a sexier approach to editorial while MacIntyre endorsed a healthier look for women , eschewing sexiness in the models and the copy . MacIntyre largely won that battle , editing a magazine that required that every byline have an advanced medical degree , that cover models should look healthy rather than sexy , and that sexist language be avoided . Christine MacIntyre was the editor-in-chief until her death in 1988 . Tara Kraft is the current editor-in-chief . "Shape" found a readership based on that formula . Velvetpark : Dyke Culture in Bloom is a lesbian and feminist arts and culture website that regularly features music , literature , theater , fine arts , film , television , and social activism as it impacts queer culture . "Velvetpark" also hosts a social network and dating community for lesbians and queer-identified women .
James Craig Anderson was a 49-year-old African American who was murdered in a hate crime in Jackson , Mississippi on June 26 , 2011 , by 18-year-old Deryl Dedmon of Brandon . Anderson worked on the assembly line at the Nissan plant in north Jackson ; he was helping his longtime partner raise a young child . Brandon is a city in Rankin County , Mississippi . The population was 21,705 at the 2010 census . It is the county seat of Rankin County . Brandon is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area and located east of the state capital .
Hungarian Rhapsody No . 2 in C-sharp minor , S.244/2 , is the second in a set of 19 Hungarian Rhapsodies by composer Franz Liszt , and is by far the most famous of the set . A Car-Tune Portrait is a cartoon in the Color Classics series produced by Fleischer Studios . Released on June 26 , 1937 , the cartoon gives an imaginative take on Franz Liszt 's "Hungarian Rhapsody No . 2" .
The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America and the Theatre and Film Guild of Great Britain and America is a registered theatre charity and non-profit making theatre organisation based in London . The Guild 's patrons include Brian Croucher , Anita Dobson , Fenella Fielding , Sheila Ferguson , Jessica Martin , Lorraine Chase , Gillian Gregory , Mark Lester , Jessie Wallace , Barbara Windsor and Shani Wallis . Anita Dobson ( born 29 April 1949 ) is an English stage , film and television actress , and singer . She is known for her role from 1985 to 1988 as Angie Watts in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" . In 1986 , she reached number four in the UK Singles Chart with "Anyone Can Fall in Love" , a song based on the theme music of "EastEnders" .
The Daredevils was a comics magazine and anthology published by Marvel UK in 1983 . Aimed for a more sophisticated audience than typical light superhero adventures , "The Daredevils" featured Captain Britain stories by Alan Moore and Alan Davis , as well as new Night Raven text stories , and reprints of Frank Miller 's "Daredevil" stories . In addition to these regular features , it also included some Spider-Man stories , occasional one-off comic stories , and a variety of text articles . Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The character was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and writer-artist Steve Ditko , and first appeared in the anthology comic book "Amazing Fantasy" # 15 ( August 1962 ) in the Silver Age of Comic Books . Lee and Ditko conceived the character as an orphan being raised by his Aunt May and Uncle Ben in New York City after his parents Richard and Mary Parker were killed in a plane crash , and as a teenager , having to deal with the normal struggles of adolescence in addition to those of a costumed crime-fighter . Spider-Man 's creators gave him super strength and agility , the ability to cling to most surfaces , shoot spider-webs using wrist-mounted devices of his own invention , which he calls "web-shooters" , and react to danger quickly with his "spider-sense" , enabling him to combat his foes .
McCollough was born in Chicago and grew up in Columbia , SC . McCollough received his Bachelor of Arts in Sociology from the University of South Carolina and a Masters of Education from Georgia Southern University . Georgia Southern University ( GSU ) is a co-educational , research-oriented , public university with the main campus located in Statesboro , Georgia , US . Founded in 1906 as a land grant college , it 's part of the University System of Georgia and is the largest center of higher education inside the southern half of Georgia . It offers over 140 different academic majors in a comprehensive array of baccalaureate degrees , as well as master and doctorate programs . The university is one of the biggest within the University System of Georgia , with a current enrollment of more than 20,000 students from all states and approximately 85 nations . Georgia Southern is classified as a Doctoral and Research Institution by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , and as a comprehensive university by the University System of Georgia .
Villa Paletti is a board game of physical skill designed by Bill Payne and published in 2001 by Zoch Verlag . Players compete to build the villa highest using columns from lower floors without collapsing the structure . Betrayal at House on the Hill is a board game published by Avalon Hill in 2004 , designed by Bruce Glassco and developed by Rob Daviau , Bill McQuillan , Mike Selinker , and Teeuwynn Woodruff . Players all begin as allies exploring a haunted house filled with dangers , traps , items and omens . As players explore the mansion , new room tiles are chosen at random ; accordingly , the game board is different each session . Eventually the "haunt" begins , with the nature and plot of this session 's ghost story revealed ; one player usually "betrays" the others and takes the side of the ghosts , monsters , or other enemies , while the remaining players collaborate to defeat them .
Ready to Die is the debut studio album by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G . ; it was released on September 13 , 1994 , by Bad Boy Records and Arista Records . The label 's first release , the album features production by Bad Boy founder Sean "Puffy" Combs , Easy Mo Bee , Chucky Thompson , DJ Premier and Lord Finesse , among others . Recording for the album took place during 1993-94 at The Hit Factory and D & D Studios in New York City . The partly autobiographical album tells the story of B.I.G . 's experiences as a young criminal . "Ready to Die" was the only studio album released during his life , as he was murdered sixteen days prior to the release of his second album , "Life After Death" in 1997 . Unbelievable is a song by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. , recorded for his debut studio album Ready to Die . It samples R. Kelly ’ s “ Your Body ’ s Calling ” and Honey Drippers ' “ Impeach the President ” .
Edward Vincent Sullivan ( September 28 , 1901 – October 13 , 1974 ) was an American television personality , sports and entertainment reporter , and longtime syndicated columnist for the "New York Daily News" and the Chicago Tribune New York News Syndicate . He is principally remembered as the creator and host of the television variety program "The Toast of the Town" , later popularly—and , eventually , officially—renamed "The Ed Sullivan Show" . Broadcast for 23 years from 1948 to 1971 , it set a record as the longest-running variety show in US broadcast history . "It was , by almost any measure , the last great TV show ," proclaimed television critic David Hinckley . "It 's one of our fondest , dearest pop culture memories ." The New York Daily News , officially titled Daily News , is an American newspaper based in New York City . s of May 2016 , it was the ninth-most widely circulated daily newspaper in the United States . It was founded in 1919 , and was the first U.S. daily printed in tabloid format . It is owned by tronc .
Siping ( ) , formerly Ssupingkai ( ) , is a prefecture-level city in the west of Jilin province , People 's Republic of China . Located in the southwestern part of the province , in the middle of the Songliao Plain and at the intersection of Jilin , Liaoning and Inner Mongolia , Siping covers an area of 14,323 km2 . At the 2010 census , Siping has a total population of 3,386,325 while the urban population is 613,837 . Linhai ( ; Tai-chow dialect : Ling-he ) is a county-level city in Taizhou , Zhejiang Province situated on the banks of the Lin River in Eastern China .
Société de Microélectronique et d'Horlogerie was the original name of the new holding company issued from the merger enforced by the Swiss Banks in 1983 of both the SSIH and ASUAG , now The Swatch Group ( see ) . The Swatch Group is a Swiss manufacturer of watches and jewelry . The company was founded in 1983 by Nicolas Hayek from the merger of Allgemeine Gesellschaft der Schweizerischen Uhrenindustrie ( ASUAG ) and Société Suisse pour l'Industrie Horlogère ( SSIH ) .
Providence Hospital is a 408 bed hospital located in the District of Columbia . Founded in 1861 , it is the longest continuously operating hospital in the District . Providence Hospital is a member of Ascension Health , the largest non-profit health care organization in the United States . St. Elizabeths Hospital opened in 1855 as the first federally operated psychiatric hospital in the United States . Housing over 8,000 patients at its peak in the 1950s , the hospital at one point had a fully functioning medical-surgical unit , a school of nursing , and accredited internships and psychiatric residencies . Its campus was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1990 .
Hwarang : The Poet Warrior Youth ( ) is a South Korean television series starring Park Seo-joon , Go A-ra , and Park Hyung-sik . It evolves around an elite group of young men called "Hwarang" who discover their passions , love and friendship in the turmoil of the Silla Kingdom ( 57 B.C . - A.D. 935 ) . The series aired every Monday and Tuesday at 22:00 ( KST ) on KBS2 , from December 19 , 2016 to February 21 , 2017 . Park Hyung-Sik ( born November 16 , 1991 ) , known mononymously as Hyungsik , is a South Korean singer and actor . He is a member of the South Korean boy group , and its sub-group ZE : A Five . Apart from his singing career , he is most well known for his work in "The Heirs" ( 2013 ) , "High Society" ( 2015 ) , "" ( 2016 ) and "Strong Woman Do Bong-soon" ( 2017 ) .
Gabriel José de la Concordia García Márquez ( ; ] ; 6 March 1927 – 17 April 2014 ) was a Colombian novelist , short-story writer , screenwriter and journalist , known affectionately as Gabo or Gabito throughout Latin America . Considered one of the most significant authors of the 20th century and one of the best in the Spanish language , he was awarded the 1972 Neustadt International Prize for Literature and the 1982 Nobel Prize in Literature . He pursued a self-directed education that resulted in his leaving law school for a career in journalism . From early on , he showed no inhibitions in his criticism of Colombian and foreign politics . In 1958 , he married Mercedes Barcha ; they had two sons , Rodrigo and Gonzalo . Annie Dillard ( born April 30 , 1945 ) is an American author , best known for her narrative prose in both fiction and non-fiction . She has published works of poetry , essays , prose , and literary criticism , as well as two novels and one memoir . Her 1974 work "Pilgrim at Tinker Creek" won the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for General Nonfiction . From 1980 , Dillard taught for 21 years in the English department of Wesleyan University , in Middletown , Connecticut .
South Korea , officially the Republic of Korea ( abbreviated ROK ) , is a sovereign state in East Asia , constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula . Officially , its territory consists of the whole Korean Peninsula and its adjacent islands , which are largely mountainous . South Koreans lead a distinctive urban lifestyle , as half of them live in high-rises concentrated in the Seoul Capital Area with 25 million residents . The capital Seoul is the world 's sixth leading global city with the fifth largest economy and is the seventh most sustainable city in the world . I Can See Your Voice ( ) is a South Korean music show by Mnet . A reality show platform which offers talented singers the chance to make their dreams of stardom a reality .
Switchfoot is an American alternative rock band from San Diego , California . The band 's members are Jon Foreman ( lead vocals , guitar ) , Tim Foreman ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) , Chad Butler ( drums , percussion ) , Jerome Fontamillas ( guitar , keyboards , backing vocals ) , and Drew Shirley ( guitar , backing vocals ) . Midnight Oil ( also known informally as "The Oils" to fans ) are an Australian rock band , who originally performed as Farm from 1972 with drummer Rob Hirst , bass guitarist Andrew James and keyboard player/lead guitarist Jim Moginie . While vocalist Peter Garrett was studying at Australian National University in Canberra , he answered an advertisement for a spot in Farm , and by 1975 the band was touring the east coast of Australia . By late 1976 , Garrett moved to Sydney to complete his law degree , and Farm changed its name to Midnight Oil by drawing the name out of a hat .
Season of Migration to the North ( Arabic : موسم الهجرة إلى الشمال‎ ‎ Mawsim al-Hiǧra ilā ash-Shamāl ) is a classic post-colonial Sudanese novel by the novelist Tayeb Salih . Originally published in Arabic in 1966 , it has since been translated into more than twenty languages . Salih was fluent in both English and Arabic , but chose to pen this novel in Arabic . The English translation was published in 1969 as part of the influential Heinemann African Writers Series . The novel is a counter narrative to "Heart of Darkness" . It was described by Edward Said as one of the six great novels in Arabic literature . In 2001 it was selected by a panel of Arab writers and critics as the most important Arab novel of the twentieth century . Heart of Darkness ( 1899 ) is a novella by Polish-British novelist Joseph Conrad , about a voyage up the Congo River into the Congo Free State , in the heart of Africa , by the story 's narrator Charles Marlow . Marlow tells his story to friends aboard a boat anchored on the River Thames , London , England . This setting provides the frame for Marlow 's story of his obsession with the ivory trader Kurtz , which enables Conrad to create a parallel between London and Africa as places of darkness .
The Kansas Jayhawks men 's basketball program is the intercollegiate men 's basketball program of the University of Kansas . It is one of the oldest and is one of the most successful programs in the history of basketball . The program is classified in the NCAA 's Division I and the team competes in the Big 12 Conference . Perry Ellis ( born September 14 , 1993 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Sydney Kings of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) . In 2016 , Ellis joined the Greensboro Swarm of the NBA Development League following an outstanding four-year career at the University of Kansas . Playing for highly respected Kansas coach Bill Self , Ellis averaged 12.5 points and 5.8 rebounds over 144 college games , leading the Jayhawks to an impressive 115–29 record that included four trips to the NCAA Tournament . He led his team to an 'Elite Eight ' Regional Finals appearance in the 2016 tournament .
"The Simpsons" ' tenth season was originally broadcast on the Fox network in the United States between August 23 , 1998 , and May 16 , 1999 . It contains twenty-three episodes , starting with "Lard of the Dance" . "The Simpsons" is a satire of a middle class American lifestyle epitomized by its family of the same name , which consists of Homer , Marge , Bart , Lisa and Maggie . Set in the fictional city of Springfield , the show lampoons American culture , society , television , and many aspects of the human condition . "Lard of the Dance" is the first episode of "The Simpsons" ' tenth season . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on August 23 , 1998 . Homer discovers he can make money by stealing and reselling grease , but eventually stops after negative encounters with Groundskeeper Willie and the Springfield Grease Company . Meanwhile , Lisa becomes jealous that a new student ( voiced by Lisa Kudrow ) is distracting all her friends by using her fashionable personality . The episode was written by Jane O'Brien and directed by Dominic Polcino .
The Lowry Hotel is located by the River Irwell in Salford , Greater Manchester , England . The five star hotel is named after the artist L. S. Lowry , and although is within the boundaries of the City of Salford , it is promoted as "The Lowry Hotel , Manchester" . When the hotel first opened Marco Pierre White was the overseeing chef of "The River Room Restaurant" . Laurence Stephen Lowry { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : 'RBA RA ' , ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 1 November 1887 – 23 February 1976 ) was an English artist . Many of his drawings and paintings depict Pendlebury , Lancashire , where he lived and worked for more than 40 years , and also Salford and its surrounding areas .
The University of Georgia , also referred to as UGA or simply Georgia , is an American public research university . Its main 762 acres campus is located in Athens , Georgia , approximately 72 mile northeast of Atlanta . It is the flagship university of the University System of Georgia . Founded in 1785 , it is the country 's oldest state-chartered university and the birthplace of the American system of public higher education . Gretchen Gotay Cordero ( born August 14 , 1980 ) is a Puerto Rican former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and backstroke events . She won a total of four medals ( 2 golds and 2 bronze ) in both freestyle and medley relays at the Central American and Caribbean Games ( 1998 , 2002 , and 2006 ) . She is a member of Athens Bulldogs Swim Club under her personal coach Harvey Humphries , and a graduate with a master 's degree in sports management at the University of Georgia in Athens .
Anthony McPartlin , OBE ( born 18 November 1975 ) and Declan Donnelly , OBE ( born 25 September 1975 ) , known collectively as Ant & Dec , are an English comedy TV presenting , television producing , acting and former music duo from Newcastle upon Tyne , England . Alien Autopsy is a 2006 British comedy film with elements of science fiction , directed by Jonny Campbell . Written by William Davies , it relates the events surrounding the famous "alien autopsy" film promoted by Ray Santilli and stars Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly , also known as Ant & Dec . The film was a moderate commercial success domestically , making no . 3 on the British box office chart .
Robert Frederick Chelsea Moore OBE ( 12 April 1941 – 24 February 1993 ) was an English professional footballer . He captained West Ham United for more than ten years and was captain of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup . He is widely regarded as one of the greatest defenders of all time , and was cited by Pelé as the greatest defender that he had ever played against . Moore is a member of the World Team of the 20th Century . The season 1964–65 of the European Cup Winners ' Cup football club tournament was won by West Ham United in a final at Wembley Stadium against 1860 Munich . West Ham 's Bobby Moore was captaining a side that also included Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters just one season before all three went on to star in England 's World Cup winning side of 1966 . As a result of their CWC success , Bobby Moore became the only captain to climb the Wembley steps to be presented with three different trophies in three successive seasons ( English FA Cup and European Cup Winners ' Cup with West Ham in 1964 and 1965 respectively , then the World Cup with England in 1966 ) .
Pseudaelurus is a prehistoric cat that lived in Europe , Asia and North America in the Miocene between approximately 20 to 8 million years ago . It is an ancestor of today 's felines and pantherines as well as the extinct machairodont saber-tooths , and is a successor to "Proailurus" . It originated from Eurasia and was the first felid to reach North America , when it entered the continent at about 18.5 Ma ending a 'cat-gap ' of 7 million years . The slender proportions of the animal , together with its short , viverrid-like legs , suggest that it may have been an agile climber of trees . Pantherinae is a subfamily within the cat family Felidae named and first described by Reginald Innes Pocock in 1917 .
Perfume : The Story of a Murderer is a 1985 literary historical cross-genre novel ( originally published in German as Das Parfum ) by German writer Patrick Süskind . The novel explores the sense of smell and its relationship with the emotional meaning that scents may have . "Du riechst so gut" ( German for "You smell so good" ) is a song by the German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein . It was the band 's first single and was released on its first album , "Herzeleid" . It describes the inner thoughts of a predator hunting his prey . The title is said to be inspired by Patrick Süskind 's "Perfume" , a favourite novel of Till Lindemann 's , the singer of the band .
Tim Andrew is a British film director , television director and television producer . His television directing credits include "Black Scopion" , "Son of the Beach" , "Undressed" , "Mix It Up" , "Supernatural" and "Teen Wolf" , where he is currently the executive producer and frequent director along with Russell Mulcahy . Teen Wolf is an American television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV . It is loosely based on the 1985 film of the same name , and stars Tyler Posey as a teenager named Scott McCall , who is bitten by a werewolf and must cope with how it affects his life and the lives of those closest to him , and Dylan O'Brien as "Stiles" Stilinski , Scott 's best friend . The series has received generally positive reviews from critics and is a fan favorite on social media .
Huddersfield Town 's 1994-95 campaign was Town 's first season in their new stadium , the Alfred McAlpine Stadium . After playing at Leeds Road for 86 years , Town moved to the new stadium with a then capacity of around 20,000 . Under the leadership of Neil Warnock , Town finished in 5th place , but after qualifying for the play-offs , Town beat 2nd placed Brentford , they beat 4th placed Bristol Rovers at Wembley Stadium . Neil Warnock ( born 1 December 1948 ) is an English football manager , currently managing Welsh side Cardiff City . His managerial career has lasted 35 years . He is also an established television and radio pundit working for several media outlets and a retired professional footballer .
Ashridge is a country estate and stately home in Hertfordshire , England in the United Kingdom ; part of the land stretches into Buckinghamshire and it is close to the Bedfordshire border . It is situated in the Chiltern Hills , an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty , about 2 mile north of Berkhamsted and 20 mile northwest of London . Surrounding villages include Aldbury , Pitstone , Ivinghoe , Little Gaddesden , Nettleden , Frithsden and Potten End . Aldbury is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire , England , near the borders of Bedfordshire and Buckinghamshire in the Bulbourne valley close to Ashridge Park . The nearest town is Tring . Uphill in the narrow vale are the Bridgewater monument and the Ashridge estate . It is noted for its picturesque setting and has been referred to as a "chocolate-box" village due to its traditional appearance .
KXII , virtual channel and VHF digital channel 12 , is a CBS-affiliated television station serving the Ada–Sherman media market that is licensed to Sherman , Texas , United States . The station – which also maintains subchannel-only affiliations with MyNetworkTV and Fox – is owned by Gray Television . KXII maintains primary studio facilities located on Texoma Parkway ( S.H . 91 ) in northeastern Sherman ; secondary studios are located on South Commerce Street ( U.S. Route 77 ) and Elks Boulevard in southwestern Ardmore , Oklahoma . The station maintains transmitter facilities located along Oklahoma State Highway 99 in rural northeastern Marshall County , Oklahoma ( southwest of Madill ) . KXII 's signal is relayed on low-power translator station KXIP-LD ( channel 12 ) in Paris , Texas . Ada is a city in and the county seat of Pontotoc County , Oklahoma , United States . The population was 16,810 at the 2010 census , an increase of 7.1 percent from 15,691 at the 2000 census . The city was named for Ada Reed , the daughter of an early settler , and was incorporated in 1901 . Ada is home to East Central University , and is the headquarters of the Chickasaw Nation .
Drew William Barry ( born February 17 , 1973 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He is the son of Basketball Hall of Famer Rick Barry and has three brothers : Scooter , Jon and Brent , who also share his profession . His grandfather Bruce Hale also played in the NBA and was Rick 's college coach at Miami of Florida . His stepmother is Lynn Barry . Brent Robert Barry ( born December 31 , 1971 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He is the son of former NBA player Rick Barry . The 6 ft , 210 lb shooting guard played professionally in the National Basketball Association , winning two championships with the San Antonio Spurs . He also won the 1996 NBA Slam Dunk Contest .
Lytham St Annes Express is a local weekly newspaper , named after Lytham St Annes largely serving the Fylde Borough . It is published by the Blackpool Gazette and therefore owned by Johnson Press . The Blackpool Gazette is an English evening newspaper based in Blackpool , Lancashire . Published every day except Sunday , it covers the towns and communities of the Fylde coast . It was founded as "The West Lancashire Evening Gazette" in 1929 before being renamed the "Evening Gazette" , and then "Blackpool Gazette" . The paper 's history dates back to a weekly publication founded in 1873 .
2014 S/S is the debut album of South Korean group WINNER . It was released on August 12 , 2014 by the group 's record label , YG Entertainment . The members were credited for writing the lyrics and composing the majority of the album 's songs . Winner ( Hangul : 위너 ) , often stylized as WINNER , is a South Korean boy group formed in 2013 by YG Entertainment and debuted in 2014 . It currently consists of four members , Jinwoo , Seunghoon , Mino and Seungyoon . Originally a five-piece group with Taehyun , who later departed from the group in November 2016 .
Jeffery James Tremaine ( born September 4 , 1966 ) is an American film director , film producer , television director , and television producer . He is most closely associated with the "Jackass" franchise , having been involved since the inception of the first TV show . Keanu Charles Reeves ( ; born September 2 , 1964 ) is a Canadian actor , director , producer , and musician .
Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE ( ] ; born 18 November 1963 ) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and was voted the IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper in 1992 and 1993 . He is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United , whom he captained to the 1999 UEFA Champions League to complete the Treble , and for winning UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark . Kasper Peter Schmeichel ( ] ; born 5 November 1986 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Leicester City and the Denmark national team . He is the son of former Manchester United and Danish international goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel .
Times Beach is a ghost town in St. Louis County , Missouri , United States , 17 mi southwest of St. Louis and 2 mi east of Eureka . Once home to more than two thousand people , the town was completely evacuated early in 1983 due to a dioxin contamination that made national headlines . It was the largest civilian exposure to dioxin in the country 's history . Route 66 State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri , located on the former site of the town of Times Beach . It is a 419 acre park located less than 1 mi east of Eureka .
Simon Walker ( born 1961 in Sydney , NSW ) is an Australian composer of numerous film and television soundtracks including "For the Term of His Natural Life" . The first available soundtrack of his music was of his lush and beautiful score for "The Wild Duck" on Southern Cross Records , and other releases include his AFI Award-nominated score for "Annie 's Coming Out" and "The Last of the Mohicans" on the 1M1 Records label . The Last of the Mohicans : A Narrative of 1757 ( 1826 ) is a historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper .
The 1992 Spengler Cup was held in Davos , Switzerland , between December 26 , 1992 , and December 31 , 1992 . All matches were played at HC Davos 's home arena , Eisstadion Davos . The final was won 6-5 by Team Canada over Färjestad BK . Hockey Club Davos is a professional Swiss ice hockey club based in Davos , Switzerland . Davos plays in the National League ( NL ) . The team is usually a strong force in the league and often bolster their roster with Swiss national team players and players who once played for National Hockey League teams . HC Davos also has hosted the annual Spengler Cup tournament , an invitational competition , since 1923 .
The 2005 Major League Baseball season was notable for the league 's new steroid policy in the wake of the BALCO scandal , which enforced harsher penalties ever than before for steroid use in Major League Baseball . Several players , including veteran Rafael Palmeiro , were suspended under the new policy . Also , every team in the NL East division had at least 81 wins ( at least half of the 162 games played ) . It was also notable for being the first season featuring a baseball team in Washington , D.C. for more than 4 decades , with the Washington Nationals having moved from Montreal . Rafael Palmeiro Corrales ( born September 24 , 1964 ) is a retired Cuban American Major League Baseball first baseman and left fielder . Palmeiro was an All-American at Mississippi State University before being drafted by the Chicago Cubs in 1985 . He played for the Cubs ( 1986–1988 ) , Texas Rangers ( 1989–1993 , 1999–2003 ) , and the Baltimore Orioles ( 1994–1998 , 2004–2005 ) . He was named to the MLB All-Star Team four times , and won the Gold Glove three times . He is a member of the 500 home run club and the 3,000 hit club and is one of only five players in history to be a member of both .
Alcatraz East is a crime museum in Pigeon Forge , Tennessee . Opened in 2016 , it was formerly operated as the National Museum of Crime & Punishment in Washington , DC . The museum gives a behind-the-scenes look at crime history in America . It was created and built by attorney John Morgan , and his Chief Operating Officer , Janine Vaccarello . John Morgan ( born March 31 , 1956 ) is an American lawyer . He is the founder of the nationwide personal injury law firm Morgan & Morgan .
David Coverdale ( born 22 September 1951 ) is an English rock singer best known for his work with Whitesnake , a hard rock band he founded in 1978 . Before Whitesnake , Coverdale was the lead singer of Deep Purple from 1973 to 1976 , after which he established his solo career . A collaboration with Jimmy Page resulted in a 1993 album that was a commercial and critical success . In 2016 , Coverdale was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Deep Purple , giving one of the band 's induction speeches . The Early Years is a compilation album by English rock band Whitesnake , released in 2004 . The album 's track listing was compiled by David Coverdale , spanning 1978 's "Trouble" to 1984 's "Slide It In" .
Minami-Tori-shima ( 南鳥島 , "Southern Bird Island" ) , also known as Marcus Island , is an isolated Japanese coral atoll in the northwestern Pacific Ocean , located some 1848 km southeast of Tokyo and 1267 km east of the closest Japanese island , South Iwo Jima of the Ogasawara Islands , and nearly on a straight line between mainland Tokyo and the United States ' Wake Island , 1415 km further to the east-southeast . The closest island to Minami-Tori-shima is East Island in the Mariana Islands , which is 1015 km to the west-southwest . Wake Island ( also known as Wake Atoll ) is a coral atoll in the western Pacific Ocean in the northeastern area of the Micronesia subregion , 1,501 mi east of Guam , 2,298 mi west of Honolulu and 1,991 mi southeast of Tokyo . The island is an unorganized , unincorporated territory of the United States Minor Outlying Islands that is also claimed by the Republic of the Marshall Islands . Wake Island is one of the most isolated islands in the world and the nearest inhabited island is Utirik Atoll in the Marshall Islands , 592 mi to the southeast .
George Consider Hale ( 1850-1923 ) was fire chief in Kansas City , Missouri from 1882 to 1902 . During this time he competed in the international firemen competition in Paris , and another in London in 1893 . He was also the holder of more than 60 patents for fire fighting equipment . He is an honoree of Kansas City Fire Brigade 's Hall of Fame . Kansas City is the largest city in Missouri , United States , and the sixth largest city in the Midwest . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the city had an estimated population of 481,420 in 2016 , making it the 37th largest city by population in the United States . It is the anchor city of the Kansas City metropolitan area , which straddles the Kansas–Missouri border . Kansas City was founded in the 1830s as a Missouri River port at its confluence with the Kansas River coming in from the west . On June 1 , 1850 the town of Kansas was incorporated ; shortly after came the establishment of the Kansas Territory . Confusion between the two ensued and the name Kansas City was assigned to distinguish them soon thereafter .
California State Polytechnic University , Pomona ( CPP , Cal Poly Pomona , or Cal Poly ) is a public polytechnic university located in Pomona , California , United States . It is one of two polytechnics in the California State University system . The Ural Federal University named after the first President of Russia B. N. Yeltsin ( Russian : Уральский федеральный университет имени первого Президента России Б.Н . Ельцина , "Uralʹskiĭ federalʹnyĭ universitet imeni pervogo Prezidenta Rossii B.N . Yelʹtsina" , often shortened to UrFU , УрФУ ) ( formed by a merger of the Ural State Technical University and Ural State University ) is one of the leading educational institutions in the Ural region . Ural Federal University acts as a research and innovation center of the Ural region and has close cooperation with the Russian Academy of Sciences . Training of students is carried out in four main areas of knowledge and 108 academic majors . The links between the university and intermediate educational institutions are actively developed . The University also performs consistent work on establishing strategic partnership with employers for the sake of development of the regional economy : employers are involved in the educational environment as direct participants , large-scale enployers-sponsored and corporate education is carried out based on the client-centered approach , joint business projects in economic and social areas are realized .
NRG Energy , Inc. is a large American energy company , dual-headquartered in West Windsor Township , New Jersey , and Houston , Texas . It was formerly the wholesale arm of Xcel Energy , and was spun off in bankruptcy in 2004 . Raymond James Financial is an American diversified holding company providing financial services to individuals , corporations and municipalities through its subsidiary companies that engage primarily in investment and financial planning , in addition to investment banking and asset management .
Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior ( ] ; born 5 February 1992 ) , commonly known as Neymar or Neymar Jr. , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team . Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 ( abbreviated as PES 2016 , marketed as Winning Eleven 2016 in Japan ) is a football simulation game developed by PES Productions and published by Konami for Microsoft Windows , PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , and Xbox One . It is the fifteenth edition of the "Pro Evolution Soccer" series and marks PES Productions ' 20th year of producing football games . The cover of the game features Neymar ( seen wearing his Brazil national team kit ) . The name of the game has been changed from "World Soccer : Winning Eleven" to "Pro Evolution Soccer" in Asia , except Japan where it is titled "Winning Eleven" .
Graduados ( English : The Graduates ) is a 2012 Argentine telenovela which was broadcast by Telefe from March 12 to December 19 . The plot concerns a group of people who graduated from high school in 1989 and reunite twenty years later . The main character , Andrés Goddzer ( Daniel Hendler ) , discovers that María Laura Falsini ( Nancy Dupláa ) was pregnant in 1989 and married Pablo Catáneo ( Luciano Cáceres ) , who thought that he was the child 's father . The resulting parental dispute , the love triangle of the main characters and 1980s nostalgia are frequent plot elements , and story arcs related to school bullying and LGBT rights are also featured . The frequent flashbacks of the characters to their high-school days use the same actors , playing teenagers . Patricia Longo , also known as Jimena Benìtez , is a fictional character in the 2012 Argentine telenovela "Graduados" . She is played by Isabel Macedo , both as an adult and , in flashbacks , as a teenager .
Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor , 7th Duke of Westminster ( born 29 January 1991 ) , styled as Earl Grosvenor until August 2016 , is a British aristocrat , billionaire , businessman and landowner . He is the third child and only son of Gerald Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster and his wife Natalia Phillips Grosvenor , Duchess of Westminster . He inherited the title of Duke of Westminster on 9 August 2016 , on the death of his father . The duke is estimated to be worth US $ 13 billion , making him the world 's richest person aged under 30 . Major General Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster , ( 22 December 1951 – 9 August 2016 ) was a British landowner , businessman , philanthropist , Territorial Army general and hereditary peer . He was the son of Robert George Grosvenor , 5th Duke of Westminster and Viola Grosvenor . He was Chairman of the property company Grosvenor Group . He is succeeded by his son , Hugh Grosvenor , 7th Duke of Westminster .
Leslie West ( born Leslie Weinstein ; October 22 , 1945 ) is an American rock guitarist , vocalist , and songwriter . He is best known as a founding member of the hard rock band Mountain . Stephen Henry Perry ( born October 8 , 1963 ) is an American musician , best known as lead singer , songwriter and rhythm guitarist for the Oregon ska-swing band the Cherry Poppin ' Daddies .
Brindisi ( ] ; in the local dialect : Brìnnisi ; ) is a city in the region of Apulia in southern Italy , the capital of the province of Brindisi , on the coast of the Adriatic Sea . Louis-Jean-Nicolas Lejoille ( Saint-Valery-sur-Somme , 11 November 1759 – Brindisi , 9 April 1799 ) was a French Navy officer and captain .
Bayshore Shopping Centre is a major shopping mall located in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada . The mall is one of the busiest in the National Capital Region as it attracts about 7 million visitors per year from across the city and the surrounding region . OC Transpo Route 97 is the City of Ottawa bus ( transitway ) between downtown and the airport . It starts at Bayshore Station at Bayshore Shopping Centre and ends at either South Keys Station or the Airport . Several trips each day start or end at Tunney 's Pasture Station . Some trips also serve Bells Corners after serving Bayshore Station .
Howard Matthew Moses "Howie" Long ( born January 6 , 1960 ) is an American former National Football League ( NFL ) defensive end , actor and sports analyst . He played in the NFL for 13 seasons and spent the entirety of his career with the Raiders franchise . During his tenure as a player , Long was named to eight Pro Bowls and helped the Raiders win a Super Bowl title in XVIII . He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000 . The Experts Network , also known as TXN and TXN Sports , is an interactive digital sports network consisting of sports analysts Cris Collinsworth , Boomer Esiason , Nick Faldo , Howie Long , Cal Ripken Jr. and Phil Simms .
Audioslave was an American rock supergroup formed in Los Angeles in 2001 . The four-piece band consisted of Soundgarden lead singer/rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell and Rage Against the Machine members Tom Morello ( lead guitar ) , Tim Commerford ( bass/backing vocals ) , and Brad Wilk ( drums ) . Critics first described Audioslave as a combination of Soundgarden and Rage Against the Machine , but by the band 's second album , "Out of Exile" , it was noted that they had established a separate identity . Audioslave 's sound was created by blending 1970s hard rock with 1990s alternative rock . Moreover , Morello incorporated his well-known , unconventional guitar solos into the mix . As with Rage Against the Machine , the band prided themselves on the fact that all sounds on their albums were produced using only guitar , bass , drums , and vocals . Halestorm is an American hard rock band from Red Lion , Pennsylvania , consisting of lead vocalist and guitarist Lzzy Hale , her brother drummer and percussionist Arejay Hale , guitarist Joe Hottinger , and bassist Josh Smith . The group 's self-titled debut album was released on April 28 , 2009 , through Atlantic Records . Their second album "The Strange Case Of ..." was released on April 10 , 2012 . Its lead single "Love Bites ( So Do I )" from that album won their first Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance on February 10 , 2013 .
Right whales are three species of large baleen whales of the genus Eubalaena : the North Atlantic right whale ( "E. glacialis" ) , the North Pacific right whale ( "E. japonica" ) and the Southern right whale ( "E. australis" ) . They are classified in the family Balaenidae with the bowhead whale . Right whales have rotund bodies with arching rostrums , V-shaped blowholes and dark gray or black skin . The most distinguishing feature of a right whale is the rough patches of skin on its head which appear white due to parasitism by whale lice . Right whales can grow up to more than 18 m long with the maximum record of 19.8 m and weigh up to 100 ST or more ; 20.7 m with 135000 kg or 21.3 m with uncertainty , being significantly larger than other coastal species such as humpbacks , grays , or eden 's and omura 's , but smaller than blues . One ( apocryphal ) explanation for their name is that right whales were named by whalers who identified them as the "right" whale to kill on a hunt due to the plentiful oil and baleen they could provide . Whaling in Australia commenced in 1791 when two of the ships which had brought convicts and free settlers to the penal colony of New South Wales ( Australia ) as part of the Third Fleet engaged in whaling and seal hunting activities before returning to England . The main varieties of whales hunted were humpback , blue , right and sperm whales .
The Sum of All Fears is a best-selling thriller novel by Tom Clancy and part of the Jack Ryan universe . It was the fourth of Clancy 's "Jack Ryan" books to be turned into a film ( 2002 ) . Dr. John Patrick "Jack" Ryan Sr. , KCVO ( Hon . ) , Ph.D. is a fictional character created by Tom Clancy who appears in many of his novels and their respective film adaptations .
The Atari Assembler Editor is a cartridge-based development system used to edit , assemble , and debug 6502 programs for the Atari 8-bit family of home computers . It was programmed by Kathleen O'Brien of Shepardson Microsystems . It was the first commercially available assembler for the Atari 8-bit computers . Shepardson Microsystems , Inc. ( SMI ) was a small company producing operating systems and programming languages for the Atari 8-bit and Apple II computer families . SMI is most noted for authoring Atari 's BASIC and Disk Operating System ( DOS ) products .
Daniel Simon Mills , FRCVS ( born 21 Aug 1966 ) is an English biologist and the UK 's first Professor of Veterinary Behavioural Medicine based at the University of Lincoln , United Kingdom . He attended St Edmund 's College , Ware before studying at the University of Bristol where he received his BVSc degree and completed his Ph.D. degree in animal behaviour from De Montfort University . After some time spent in general practice , he became a Lecturer , Senior Lecturer and Principal Lecturer in animal behaviour at De Montfort University , and subsequently the University of Lincoln , where he has been Head of the Department of Biological Sciences . His research has focused on the assessment of emotion in companion animals and the use of semiochemicals to manage their problem behaviour ( pheromonatherapy ) . A Doctor of Philosophy ( PhD , Ph.D. , or DPhil ; Latin "Philosophiae Doctor ") is the highest academic degree awarded by universities in most countries . Ph.D.s are awarded for programs across the whole breadth of academic fields . The completion of a Ph.D. is often a requirement for employment as a university professor , researcher , or scientist in many fields . Individuals who have earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree may , in most jurisdictions , use the title of "Doctor" ( often abbreviated "Dr" ) or , in non-English speaking countries , variants such as "Dr . phil ." with their name , and may use post-nominal letters such as "Ph.D." , "PhD" or "DPhil" ( depending on the awarding institute ) .
The Ring ( often called The Ring magazine or Ring TV ) is an American boxing magazine that was first published in 1922 as a boxing and wrestling magazine . As the sporting legitimacy of professional wrestling came more into question , "The Ring" shifted to becoming exclusively a boxing oriented publication . The magazine is currently owned by Oscar De La Hoya 's Golden Boy Enterprises , which acquired it in 2007 . Disney Magazine was an official Disney magazine that was published quarterly from December 1965 to April 2005 .
Northland Mall was a shopping mall located on the north side of Columbus , Ohio , at the intersection of Morse Road and Karl Road . It opened in 1964 as an open-air shopping center and the first shopping mall in Columbus . Northland was the first of the four directionally-named shopping hubs in Columbus , along with Eastland ( 1967 ) , Westland ( 1969 ) and Southland ( 1975 ) [ a small strip center , now closed ] . Though popular through the 1990s , three new shopping centers were completed in the late 1990s and early 2000s that took businesses and shoppers away from Northland . It closed in 2002 and was demolished in 2004 . The site has subsequently been redeveloped as Northland Village , a multi-use complex containing government offices , retail stores and the Franklin County Dog Shelter and Adoption Center . Westland Mall was an 860000 sqft shopping center located on the west side of Columbus , Ohio , at the western intersection of U.S. Route 40 and Interstate 270 .
Geoff LaTulippe is an American screenwriter and film director best known as the writer of the 2010 film "Going the Distance" . Going the Distance is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Nanette Burstein and written by Geoff LaTulippe . It stars Drew Barrymore and Justin Long as a young couple , Erin and Garrett , who fall in love one summer in New York City and try to keep their long-distance relationship alive , when Erin heads home to San Francisco .
Internal resistance to "apartheid" in South Africa originated from several independent sectors of society and alternatively took the form of social movements , passive resistance , or guerrilla warfare . Mass action against the ruling National Party government , coupled with South Africa 's growing international isolation and economic sanctions , were instrumental factors in ending racial segregation and discrimination . Both black and white South African activists such as Steve Biko , Desmond Tutu , Nelson Mandela , Harry Schwarz , and Joe Slovo were involved with various anti-apartheid causes . By the 1980s , there was continuous interplay between violent and non-violent action , and this interplay was a notable feature of resistance against apartheid from 1983 until South Africa 's first multiracial elections under a universal franchise in 1994 . Desmond Mpilo Tutu { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : 'OMSG CH GCStJ ' , ' 4 ' : "} ( born 7 October 1931 ) is a South African anti-apartheid and social rights activist and Anglican bishop . He was the first black Archbishop of Cape Town and bishop of the Church of the Province of Southern Africa ( now the Anglican Church of Southern Africa ) .
Hadiqa Kiani ( Urdu : ‎ ) is a Pakistani singer , songwriter , and philanthropist . She has received numerous local and international awards and also has performed at the most prestigious venues in the world , including Royal Albert Hall and The Kennedy Center . Riaz-Ur-Rehman Saghar ( Urdu : ریاض الرحمٰن ساغر‎ , born 1 December 1941 , Bathinda , Punjab , British India ; died 2 June 2013 , at Lahore , Pakistan ) was a poet and a film song lyricist active in Pakistani cinema . He had been awarded numerous awards in recognition of his services to the Pakistani film industry . He is credited with having written over 25000 songs in his lifetime , including many for noted Pakistani singers such as Hadiqa Kiani ( "Dupatta Mera Malmal Da" [ دوپٹہ میرا ململ دا ] , "Yaad Sajan Di Ayi" [ یاد سجن دی آوے ] ) and a duet song with Asha Bhosle and Adnan Sami Khan ( "Kabhi to Nazar Milao" [ کبھی تو نظر ملاؤ ] ) . Saghar also wrote prose and film dialogue in some of the films .
A Silent Film are an English alternative rock band from Oxford . The band consists of Robert Stevenson ( vocals/piano/guitar ) and Spencer Walker ( drums ) . Their first album , "The City That Sleeps" , was released on 6 October 2008 , with one reviewer describing it as "a surefire winner" . One critic has said that A Silent Film 's style "distinctly echoes" Coldplay , Snow Patrol and The Killers . Their latest album , A Silent Film , was released in October 2015 . The Frames are an Irish band based in Dublin . Founded in 1990 by Glen Hansard , the band has been influential in the Dublin rock music scene . The group has released six albums . In addition to Hansard , the band 's current lineup includes original member Colm Mac Con Iomaire , Joe Doyle , Rob Bochnik and Graham Hopkins .
The Remains of the Day is a 1989 novel by British writer Kazuo Ishiguro . The work was awarded the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 1989 . A film adaptation of the novel , made in 1993 and starring Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson , was nominated for eight Academy Awards . Never Let Me Go is a 2005 dystopian science fiction novel by Japanese-born British author Kazuo Ishiguro . It was shortlisted for the 2005 Booker Prize ( an award Ishiguro had previously won in 1989 for "The Remains of the Day" ) , for the 2006 Arthur C. Clarke Award and for the 2005 National Book Critics Circle Award. "Time" magazine named it the best novel of 2005 and included the novel in its "TIME 100 Best English-language Novels from 1923 to 2005" . It also received an ALA Alex Award in 2006 . A film adaptation directed by Mark Romanek was released in 2010 ; a Japanese television drama aired in 2016 .
The nativity of Jesus or birth of Jesus is described in the gospels of Luke and Matthew . The two accounts agree that Jesus was born in Bethlehem in the time of Herod the Great to a betrothed virgin whose name was Mary . There are , however , major differences . Matthew has no census , annunciation to the shepherds or presentation in the Temple , implies that Jesus 's parents ' home is Bethlehem , and has him born in a house there , and has an unnamed angel appear to Joseph to announce the birth . In Luke there are no Magi , no flight into Egypt , or Massacre of the Innocents , Joseph is a resident of Nazareth , the birth appears to take place in an inn instead of the family home , and the angel ( named as Gabriel ) announces the coming birth to Mary . While it is possible that Matthew 's account might be based on Luke , or Luke 's on Matthew , the majority of scholars conclude that the two are independent of each other . Messiah ( HWV 56 ) , the English-language oratorio composed by George Frideric Handel in 1741 , is structured in three parts . This listing covers Part II in a table and comments on individual movements , reflecting the relation of the musical setting to the text . Part I begins with the prophecy of the Messiah and his birth , shows the annunciation to the shepherds and reflects the Messiah 's deeds on earth . Part II covers the Passion in nine movements including the oratorio 's longest movement , an air for alto He was despised , then mentions death , resurrection , ascension , and reflects the spreading of the Gospel and its rejection . The part is concluded by a scene called "God 's Triumph" which culminates in the "Hallelujah Chorus" . Part III of the oratorio concentrates on Paul 's teaching of the and Christ 's glorification in heaven .
The National Archives and Library of Ethiopia , located in Addis Ababa , is the national library and archives of the country . The library was inaugurated in 1944 by Emperor Haile Selassie and began service with books donated by the emperor . Addis Ababa ( Amharic : አዲስ አበባ "Addis Abäba "] , "new flower" ; Oromo : "Finfinne" , ] "Natural Spring ( s )" ) or Addis Abeba ( the spelling used by the official Ethiopian Mapping Authority ) , is the capital and largest city of Ethiopia . It has a population of 3,384,569 according to the 2007 population census , with annual growth rate of 3.8 % . This number has been increased from the originally published 2,738,248 figure and appears to be still largely underestimated .
Philip V ( Spanish : "Felipe V" , French : "Philippe" , Italian : "Filippo" ; 19 December 1683 – 9 July 1746 ) was King of Spain from 1 November 1700 to 15 January 1724 , when he abdicated in favour of his son Louis , and from 6 September 1724 , when he reassumed the throne upon his son 's death , to his own death 9 July 1746 . The Gran i General Consell ( Catalan : "Great and General Council" ) was the supreme political , administrative , and representative organ of the Kingdom of Majorca . Since the Kingdom of Majorca did not have courts , the Gran i General Consell took over most of the functions they would otherwise have had , including the role of a representative body . The Gran i General Consell evolved from the Catalan municipal councils , especially that of the City of Majorca ( present-day Palma de Mallorca . The body that was to become the Gran i General Consell was founded in 1249 , and the Consell was abolished on 22 July 1718 by Philip V , empowered by the Nova Planta Decree of Majorca and Ibiza ( 28 November 1715 ) . At the same time , all other separate Majorcan institutions were dissolved .
Josh Abraham is an American record producer , songwriter , and music executive . Having worked with some of the music industry 's most successful artists over the past 15 years including P ! nk , Thirty Seconds to Mars , Kelly Clarkson , Shakira , Weezer , Linkin Park , Velvet Revolver , Carly Rae Jepsen , Adam Lambert , and Slayer , he has produced and co-written songs accounting for sales of more than 40 million albums worldwide . Adam Mitchel Lambert ( born January 29 , 1982 ) is an American singer , songwriter and stage actor . Since 2009 , he has sold over 3 million albums and 5 million singles worldwide .
Magnus Olafsson ( Old Norse : "Magnús Óláfsson" , Norwegian : "Magnus Olavsson" ; 1073 – 24 August 1103 ) , better known as Magnus Barefoot ( Old Norse : "Magnús berfœttr" , Norwegian : "Magnus Berrføtt" ) , was King of Norway ( as Magnus III ) from 1093 until his death in 1103 . His reign was marked by aggressive military campaigns and conquest , particularly in the Norse-dominated parts of the British Isles and Ireland , where he extended his rule to the Kingdom of the Isles and Dublin . The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides , the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD . The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar" , or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland . The historical record is incomplete , and the kingdom was not a continuous entity throughout the entire period . The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles , although only some of the later rulers claimed that title . At times the rulers were independent of external control , although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway , Ireland , England , Scotland or Orkney . At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory . The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south .
Otto III ( June/July 980 – 23 January 1002 ) was Holy Roman Emperor from 996 until his early death in 1002 . A member of the Ottonian dynasty , Otto III was the only son of the Emperor Otto II and his wife Theophanu . Ezzo ( 955 – 21 March 1034 ) , sometimes called Ehrenfried , a member of the Ezzonid dynasty , was Count Palatine of Lotharingia from 1015 until his death . As brother-in-law of Emperor Otto III , father of Queen Richeza of Poland and several other illustrious children , he was one of the most important figures of the Rhenish history of his time .
Baadshah ( translation : "King" ) is a 1999 Indian action comedy film directed by Abbas-Mustan . The film stars Shah Rukh Khan opposite Twinkle Khanna in lead roles . It was released on 27 August 1999 . Shahrukh Khan earned a Filmfare Award nomination for Best Performance in a Comic Role . It is inspired from films such as "Nick of Time" , "Rush Hour" , "If Looks Could Kill" , "Mr Nice Guy" , "The Mask" . Mr. Nice Guy ( 一個好人 , LSHK "Jat1 go3 hou2 jan4" ) is a 1997 Hong Kong action film directed by Sammo Hung , who makes a cameo as an unfortunate cyclist . The film stars Jackie Chan and Richard Norton . The film was released in the Hong Kong on January 31 , 1997 .
Stoke Extinguisher is an EP by NOFX released on November 26 , 2013 through Fat Wreck Chords . The EP was released as a six-song CD and a two-song 7" . Both versions feature the new title song , "Stoke Extinguisher" , as well as "The Shortest Pier" , which was originally by Tony Sly and was recorded for "" . The rest of the songs on the CD are b-sides collected from singles from the band 's most recent album , "Self Entitled" , although it does not include the alternate version of "She Did n't Lose Her Baby" , the b-side from the "My Stepdad 's a Cop and My Stepmom 's a Domme" 7" . The cover was hand painted by Jason Cruz of Strung Out . An extended play record , often referred to as an EP , is a musical recording that contains more tracks than a single , but is usually unqualified as an album or LP . EPs generally do not contain as many tracks as albums , and are considered "less expensive and time-consuming" for an artist to produce than an album . An EP originally referred to specific types of vinyl records other than 78 rpm standard play ( SP ) and LP , but it is now applied to mid-length CDs and downloads as well .
Wilco Melissant ( born December 8 , 1968 ) is a Dutch director who directed various arthouse video productions for Witchhunt Productions , of which he himself is the chairman . His productions were shown on the Dutch TV station RotterdamTV . William Todd Field ( born February 24 , 1964 ) is an American actor and three-time Academy Award nominated filmmaker .
Prince of Wales is a cocktail composed by Albert Edward , Prince of Wales , later to be King Edward VII . There are several variations of the cocktail , but what they usually have in common is champagne , angostura bitters on sugar , either rye whiskey or cognac , and a liqueur . Flaming beverages include cocktails and other mixed drinks that contain flammable , high-proof alcohol , which is ignited prior to consumption . The alcohol may be an integral part of the drink , or it may be floated as a thin layer across the top of the drink . The flames are mostly for dramatic flair . However , in combination with certain ingredients , the flavor of the drink is altered . Some flavors are enhanced , and it may impart a toasted flavor to some drinks .
Nexon ( Hangul : 넥슨 ; RR : "Nekseun ") Co. , Ltd. is a South Korean global leader in online games for PC and mobile . It services over 100 titles in over 190 countries . Nexon was founded in Seoul , South Korea in 1994 by Kim Jung Ju and Jake Song . In 2011 , Nexon moved its headquarters from Seoul , South Korea to Tokyo , Japan . Adam Gubman ( April 7 , 1979 ) is an American songwriter , arranger , and composer . Gubman 's work varies from music from video games to pop and to television program 's soundtrack , and it has been featured on dozens of television shows and commercials ( including "America 's Got Talent" , "G4Tech TV" , "MTV" , "Real Housewives of Miami" , "Aurora" and "Alguien Te Mira" by Univision , "Corazòn Valiente" , multiple national "SKECHERS" campaigns ) . Gubman has composed music for more than 550 video games , many for prominent interactive software development companies ( including "Ubisoft" , "Nexon" , "Sony Online Interactive" , "Activision" , "Square Enix" , "Konami" , "Electronic Arts" , "GSN" , "Storm8" , "Gree" ," Playdom" ," PlayFirst" , and Disney Online Interactive ) .
Jehovah ( ) is a Latinization of the Hebrew , one vocalization of the Tetragrammaton ( YHWH ) , one of the seven proper names of the God of Israel in the Hebrew Bible . Pietro Colonna Galatino ( 1460 – 1540 ) , also known as Petrus Galatinus , was an Italian Friar Minor , philosopher , theologian and Orientalist . He is sometimes referred to as the "inventor" of the Latinized term Jehovah ; however , this is really not accurate . The pronuntiation "Jehovah" occurred as a result of mixing the Tetragrammaton "YHWH" with the vowels of "Adonai ," which the Jewish Masoretes had added to the Hebrew text to remind readers NOT to pronounce the Holy Name of God "YHWH" , but substitute , in reading , "Adonai" which means "Lord ."
Riverdale is a city in Clayton County , Georgia , United States . The population was 15,134 at the 2010 census , up from 12,478 in 2000 . Riverdale is a suburb just south of Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport and is part of the Atlanta metropolitan area . Michael Ola ( born April 19 , 1988 ) is an American football offensive tackle for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football at Hampton University and attended Riverdale High School in Riverdale , Georgia . He has also been a member of the Jacksonville Sharks , Montreal Alouettes , Miami Dolphins , Chicago Bears , San Diego Chargers , Detroit Lions , Seattle Seahawks and New York Giants .
St. Paul 's School is a 500-room brick edifice in the Village of Garden City , New York , United States . As of 2010 , the building is not currently used and is under threat of demolition . A. T. Stewart Era Buildings is a national historic district located at Garden City in Nassau County , New York . It consists of a thematic group of 50 residential , commercial , religious , and civic structures built as original elements of the planned community of Garden City between 1871 and 1893 . They were built as part of the plan for Garden City devised originally by Alexander Turney Stewart ( 1801–1876 ) . Included are 44 residences built between 1871 and 1878 and range in scale from modest cottages to large , rambling , three story frame "villas ." Other buildings are : 53-55 Hilton Avenue commercial block ( 1875 ) , Garden City Water Works ( 1876 ) , Cathedral of the Incarnation Complex ( 1885 ) , St. Paul 's School ( 1883 ) , Cathedral School of St. Mary ( 1893 )
Lori Ann Piestewa ( ; December 14 , 1979 – March 23 , 2003 ) was a United States Army soldier killed during the Iraq War . A member of the Quartermaster Corps , she died in the same Iraqi attack in which fellow soldiers Shoshana Johnson and Jessica Lynch were injured . A member of the Hopi tribe , Piestewa was the first Native American woman in history to die in combat while serving in the U.S. military and the first woman in the U.S. military killed in the Iraq War . Arizona 's Piestewa Peak is named in her honor . Arizona State Route 51 ( SR 51 ) , also known as the Piestewa Freeway , is a numbered state highway in Phoenix , Arizona . It connects Interstate 10 just outside Downtown Phoenix with Loop 101 on the north side of Phoenix , making it one of the area 's major freeways . It is a largely north–south route and is known for traversing the Piestewa Peak Recreation Area . The peak was named after Lori Piestewa , the first Native American woman to die in combat in the U.S. Military . Prior to this time , the freeway was known as the Squaw Peak Parkway , a name considered offensive by many Native Americans . Rapid growth and increased traffic demand on the east side of Metro Phoenix made the Piestewa Freeway necessary .
Dane County Regional Airport ( DCRA ) ( IATA : MSN , ICAO : KMSN , FAA LID : MSN ) ( Truax Field ) is a civil-military airport located six miles northeast of downtown Madison , the capital of Wisconsin . In the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 , it is categorized as a small-hub primary commercial service facility . Albany International Airport ( IATA : ALB , ICAO : KALB , FAA LID : ALB ) is a public airport seven miles ( 11 km ) northwest of Albany , in Albany County , New York , United States . It is owned by the Albany County Airport Authority .
Bishop Gorman High School ( also commonly referred to as Gorman High School or BGHS ) is a Roman Catholic , private , preparatory school located in Summerlin , Nevada . The school is administered by the Diocese of Las Vegas , and has been serving Clark County and the Las Vegas Valley for over 50 years . The school opened in 1954 and its mascot is a Gael , or mounted Irish Knight . Randall Cunningham II , sometimes Randall Cunningham , Jr. , ( born January 4 , 1996 ) is an American collegiate high jumper for the USC Trojans Men 's track & field team who will be a senior during the 2017–18 school year . He was a high jumper and quarterback at Bishop Gorman High School . He is a five-time Nevada Interscholastic Activities Association ( NIAA ) state champion ( three times in track and twice in football ) . He is a NCAA Outdoor Track Champion and 2-time All-American , U.S . Junior National Champion and Pan American Junior Athletics Championships Champion .
Bidone d'Oro , Italian for the "Golden Bin" or "Golden Trashcan" , was a tongue-in-cheek prize given to the most disappointing player in Serie A at the end of each calendar year . A play on Ballon d'Or , the European Footballer of the Year award , the winner was chosen through votes by listeners of the "Catersport" show on Rai Radio 2 . The prize was first awarded in 2003 to Rivaldo of Milan , and was discontinued in 2012 when "Catersport" went off the air . The final Bidone d'Oro was awarded at the end of 2012 to Alexandre Pato following a vote on the discontinued show 's Facebook page . Alexandre Rodrigues da Silva ( ] ; born 2 September 1989 ) , commonly known as Alexandre Pato or just Pato , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian as a forward .
Goodbye Mr Mackenzie ( known informally as "The Mackenzies" ) was a Scottish 1980s and 1990s rock group formed in Bathgate , near Edinburgh , Scotland . At the band 's commercial peak , the line-up consisted of Martin Metcalfe on vocals , John Duncan on guitar , Fin Wilson on bass guitar , Shirley Manson and Rona Scobie on keyboards and backing vocals , and Derek Kelly on drums . Chvrches ( pronounced and written as "churches" in Roman form and stylised as CHVRCHΞS ) are a Scottish synth-pop band from Glasgow , formed in September 2011 . The band consists of Lauren Mayberry ( lead vocals , drums , additional synthesisers , samplers ) , Iain Cook ( synthesisers , guitar , bass , vocals ) and Martin Doherty ( synthesisers , samplers , vocals ) .
Adelaide Oval is a stadium in Adelaide , South Australia , located in the parklands between the city centre and North Adelaide . Stanley J . "Dick" Williams ( 19 July 1891 – 25 May 1966 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . He was the curator of Adelaide Oval from 1939 to 1953 .
Milky Chance is a German folk group originating from Kassel . It consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Clemens Rehbein , DJ and producer Philipp Dausch , and guitarist Antonio Greger . Stone Temple Pilots ( sometimes abbreviated as STP ) is an American rock band from San Diego , California , that originally consisted of Scott Weiland ( lead vocals ) , brothers Dean ( guitar ) and Robert DeLeo ( bass , backing vocals ) , and Eric Kretz ( drums ) . From the band 's formation in 1989 , its line-up remained unchanged until the firing of Weiland in 2013 , who was replaced by Linkin Park vocalist Chester Bennington . In 2015 , Bennington left the band to focus solely on Linkin Park . On December 3 , 2015 , Weiland was found dead on his tour bus before a performance with his band The Wildabouts . In 2016 , the band launched an online audition for a new lead vocalist .
Det norske Theater is a former theatre in Bergen , Norway , and regarded as the first pure Norwegian stage theatre . It opened in 1850 by primus motor , violinist Ole Bull , and closed in 1863 , after a bankruptcy . The theatre 's first production was Holberg 's comedy "Den Vægelsindede" , and the opening was on 2 January 1850 . The theatre played at the old comedy house built in 1800 . Ludvig Holberg , Baron of Holberg ( 3 December 1684 – 28 January 1754 ) was a writer , essayist , philosopher , historian and playwright born in Bergen , Norway , during the time of the Dano-Norwegian double monarchy . He was influenced by Humanism , the Enlightenment and the Baroque . Holberg is considered the founder of modern Danish and Norwegian literature , and is best known for the comedies he wrote in 1722–1723 for the Lille Grønnegade Theatre in Copenhagen . Holberg 's works about natural and common law were widely read by many Danish law students over two hundred years , from 1736 to 1936 .
The Sophia Amalia was a ship of the Royal Dano-Norwegian Navy named after Sophia Amalia , the wife of King Frederick III . The ship was built at Hovedøen in Christiania under the direction of English shipbuilder James Robbins and was launched in 1650 . She was 51.8 meters long and at that time one of the largest naval vessels in the world . She was commissioned by King Christian IV specifically to surpass the British ship . The ship was manned by a crew of 680 and had an armament of 108 guns , surpassing "Sovereign of the Seas" by eight guns . Frederick III ( Danish : "Frederik" ; 18 March 1609 – 9 February 1670 ) was king of Denmark and Norway from 1648 until his death in 1670 . He also governed under the name Frederick II as diocesan administrator ( colloquially referred to as prince-bishop ) of the Prince-Bishopric of Verden ( 1623–29 and again 1634–44 ) , and the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen ( 1635–45 ) .
Margaret Denise Quigley ( born May 22 , 1979 ) , professionally known as Maggie Q , is an American actress and model . She is known for starring in the action films "" and "Live Free or Die Hard" and played the title role of The CW 's action-thriller series "Nikita" , airing from 2010 to 2013 . In 2014 , she portrayed Tori Wu in the film adaptation of Veronica Roth 's novel "Divergent" , a role she reprised in its sequels , "" and "" . She currently stars in the role of Agent Hannah Wells in the ABC political drama "Designated Survivor" . Live Free or Die Hard ( released as Die Hard 4.0 outside North America ) is a 2007 American action film , and the fourth installment in the "Die Hard" film series . The film was directed by Len Wiseman and stars Bruce Willis as John McClane . The film 's name was adapted from New Hampshire 's state motto , "Live Free or Die" .
Fred Carter ( born June 22 , 1938 ) is an American artist known for his work for Jack Chick 's tracts since 1972 . Jack Thomas Chick ( April 13 , 1924 – October 23 , 2016 ) was an American cartoonist and publisher , best known for his evangelical fundamentalist Christian "Chick tracts" , which presented his perspective on a variety of issues through sequential-art morality plays .
kaboom ! Entertainment is a kids & family label of Phase 4 Films . Established in 2000 , the label focuses on curating feature film content that includes "Pac-Man" , "The Jungle Book" , "Mike the Knight" , "The Gruffalo" , "The Boxcar Children" , "The Wiggles" , and "Horrid Henry" . The Jungle Book ( 1894 ) is a collection of stories by English author Rudyard Kipling . The stories are fables , using animals in an anthropomorphic manner to give moral lessons . A principal character is the boy or "man-cub" Mowgli , who is raised in the jungle by wolves . Other characters include Shere Khan the tiger and Baloo the bear . The book has been adapted many times for film and other media .
Plasma ( from Ancient Greek πλάσμα , meaning "moldable substance" or "jelly" ) can simply be considered as a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged positive ions , however , true plasma production is from the distinct separation of these ions and electrons that produces an electric field , which in turn , produces electric currents and magnetic fields . Plasma is one of the four fundamental states of matter and was first introduced by chemist Irving Langmuir in the 1920s . Unlike , the other three states of solid , liquid , and gas , plasma does not freely exist on the Earth . Plasma can be generated by heating neutral gases or by subjecting gas to a strong electromagnetic field . Alcator C-Mod was a tokamak , a magnetically confined nuclear fusion device , at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) Plasma Science and Fusion Center ( PSFC ) . In 2016 it achieved the highest yet magnetic field strength and highest plasma pressure , which is notable because it does not use superconducting magnets . It was one of the major fusion research facilities in the United States .
The Oklahoma Sooners are the athletic teams that represent the University of Oklahoma , located in Norman . The 19 men 's and women 's varsity teams are called the "Sooners" , a reference to a nickname given to the early participants in the Land Rush of 1889 , which initially opened the Unassigned Lands in the future state of Oklahoma to non-native settlement . The university 's athletic teams compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) 's Division I in the Big 12 Conference . The university 's current athletic director is Joe Castiglione . Keith Nichol ( born December 24 , 1988 in Lowell , Michigan ) is a former wide receiver . He played college football for Michigan State University . Before Michigan State , he played for the Oklahoma Sooners .
James Norman Hall ( 22 April 1887 – 5 July 1951 ) was an American author best known for the novel "Mutiny on the Bounty" with co-author Charles Nordhoff . During World War I , Hall had the distinction of serving in the militaries of three Western allies : Great Britain as an infantryman and then flying for France and later the United States . Adolfo Bioy Casares ( ] ; September 15 , 1914 – March 8 , 1999 ) was an Argentine fiction writer , journalist , and translator . He was a friend and frequent collaborator with his fellow countryman Jorge Luis Borges , and is the author of the fantastic fiction novel "The Invention of Morel" .
Ferocactus is a genus of large barrel-shaped cacti , mostly with large spines and small flowers . There are about 30 species included in the genus . They are found in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico . Silene is a genus of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae . Containing approximately 700 species , it is the largest genus in the family . Common names include campion ( which is shared with the related genus "Lychnis" ) and catchfly . Many "Silene" species are widely distributed , particularly in the northern hemisphere .
James II and VII ( 14 October 1633 – 16 September 1701 ) was King of England and Ireland as James II and King of Scotland as James VII , from 6 February 1685 until he was deposed in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 . He was the last Roman Catholic monarch of England , Scotland and Ireland . Samuel Parker ( 1640 – 21 March 1688 ) was an English churchman , of strong Erastian views and a fierce opponent of Dissenters . His political position is often compared with that of Thomas Hobbes , but there are also clear differences ; he was also called in his time a Latitudinarian , but this is not something on which modern scholars are agreed . During the reign of King James II he served as Bishop of Oxford , and was considered by James to be a moderate in his attitude to Catholics .
SouthPark is a shopping mall named after the affluent SouthPark neighborhood the mall is located in . The mall is located approximately five miles ( 8 km ) south of Uptown Charlotte , North Carolina at the corner of Sharon and Fairview Roads . With 1790000 sqft , SouthPark is the largest mall in Charlotte and the Carolinas , as well as one of the most profitable malls in the country with sales at over $ 700 per square foot . It is the 10th largest on the East Coast and is the 28th largest in the United States . SouthPark is the most congested shopping area in the United States during Black Friday weekend . Black Friday ( ) is the day following Thanksgiving Day in the United States ( the fourth Thursday of November ) .
The Carry On franchise primarily consists of a sequence of 31 low-budget British comedy motion pictures ( 1958–92 ) , four Christmas specials , a television series of thirteen episodes , and three West End and provincial stage plays . The films ' humour was in the British comic tradition of the music hall and bawdy seaside postcards . Producer Peter Rogers and director Gerald Thomas drew on a regular group of actors , the Carry On team , that included Sid James , Kenneth Williams , Charles Hawtrey , Joan Sims , Kenneth Connor , Peter Butterworth , Hattie Jacques , Terry Scott , Bernard Bresslaw , Barbara Windsor , Jack Douglas , and Jim Dale . Peter Rogers ( 20 February 1914 – 14 April 2009 ) was an English film producer . He is best known for his involvement in the making of the "Carry On" series of films .
Paradise Pier is a themed land at Disney California Adventure , based on that of Victorian boardwalks that were once found along the coast of California . Despite its name and the presence of a nearby man-made lake , Paradise Pier is not actually a pier , but merely a waterside area of the park . The roller coaster California Screamin ' sprawls across much of it , with various other attractions and forms of entertainment scattered around it . The boardwalk-themed launched roller coaster was designed by Ingenieur Büro Stengel GmbH and was built by Intamin . California Screamin ' is the eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world ( and third-longest steel coaster in the United States ) , at 6072 ft long . It is also the longest ride with an inversion ( since Son of Beast became defunct ) . Its highest point is 120 ft followed by a 108 ft drop . Though built of steel , the structure as designed visually mimics the features of a wooden coaster .
"Tsst" is the seventh episode in the tenth season of the American animated television series "South Park" . The 146th episode of the series overall , it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on May 3 , 2006 . In the episode , Liane has problems controlling her son Cartman , and enlists several reality television shows to help with his problematic behavior . "Funnybot" is the second episode of the fifteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park" , and the 211th episode of the series overall . "Funnybot" premiered in the United States on Comedy Central on May 4 , 2011 , the first time a "South Park" episode has aired in May since season 10 's "Tsst" in 2006 . "Funnybot" parodies The Comedy Awards , black comedian Tyler Perry , the Daleks from "Doctor Who" , and the death of Osama bin Laden .
Carmen ( ] ; ] ) is an opera in four acts by French composer Georges Bizet . The libretto was written by Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halévy , based on a novella of the same title by Prosper Mérimée . The opera was first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris on 3 March 1875 , where its breaking of conventions shocked and scandalized its first audiences . Opéra comique ( ] ; plural : "opéras comiques" ) is a genre of French opera that contains spoken dialogue and arias . It emerged from the popular "opéra comiques en vaudevilles" of the Fair Theatres of St Germain and St Laurent ( and to a lesser extent the Comédie-Italienne ) , which combined existing popular tunes with spoken sections . Associated with the Paris theatre of the same name , "opéra comique" is not always comic or light in nature ; "Carmen" , perhaps the most famous "opéra comique" , is a tragedy .
The United States Poker Championship ( USPC ) was a major annual stop on the poker tournament tour . This event was held at the Trump Taj Mahal in Atlantic City , New Jersey . This series of poker tournaments culminated with a $ 10,000 no-limit Texas hold 'em championship tournament televised by ESPN . The last time this tournament series was run was 2010 . Texas hold 'em ( also known as Texas holdem , hold 'em , and holdem ) is a variation of the card game of poker . Two cards , known as the hole cards , are dealt face down to each player , and then five community cards are dealt face up in three stages . The stages consist of a series of three cards ( "the flop" ) , later an additional single card ( "the turn" or "fourth street" ) , and a final card ( "the river" or "fifth street" ) . Each player seeks the best five card poker hand from any combination of the seven cards of the five community cards and their own two hole cards . ( If a player 's best five-card poker hand consists only of the five community cards and none of the player 's hole cards , it is called "playing the board" . If you play the board on the river , then you can do no better than tie the other player ( s ) in the game if no player can make a better hand than the board represents , using either or both hole cards . ) Players have betting options to check , call , raise , or fold . Rounds of betting take place before the flop is dealt and after each subsequent deal .
The University of Debrecen ( Hungarian : "Debreceni Egyetem" ) is a university located in Debrecen , Hungary . It is the oldest continuously operating institution of higher education in Hungary ( since 1538 ) . The university has a well established programme in the English language for international students , particularly in the Medical field , which first established education in English in 1986 . There are nearly 4000 international students studying at the university . The University of Delaware ( colloquially "UD" ) is the largest university in Delaware . The main campus is in Newark , with satellite campuses in Dover , Wilmington , Lewes , and Georgetown . It is considered a large institution with approximately 18,500 undergraduate and 4,500 graduate students . UD is a privately governed university which receives public funding for being a land-grant , sea-grant , space-grant and urban-grant state-supported research institution .
St. George is a town in Knox County , Maine , United States . The population was 2,591 at the 2010 Census . It includes the villages of Port Clyde , Clark Island , Glenmere , Martinsville and Tenants Harbor , the latter its commercial center . A favorite with artists , writers and naturalists , St. George is home to the Brothers and Hay Ledge nature preserve , comprising four islands off Port Clyde . Whitehead Light is a lighthouse on Whitehead Island , on Muscle Ridge Channel , in the southwestern entrance to Penobscot Bay , Maine . It is in the town of St.George . Established in 1807 , it is one of Maine 's oldest light stations , with its present tower built in 1852 to a design attributed to Alexander Parris . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Whitehead Light Station on March 14 , 1988 . The property is now privately owned by Pine Island Camp , which conducts outings to the facility . The light itself remains an active aid to navigation , maintained by the United States Coast Guard .
Flicker is the upcoming debut studio album by Irish singer and songwriter Niall Horan . It is scheduled for release on October 20 , 2017 , through Neon Haze Music and Capitol Records. "This Town" was released on 29 September 2016 , as the album 's lead single , followed by 2017 singles "Slow Hands" and "Too Much to Ask" . Niall James Horan ( born 13 September 1993 ) is an Irish singer and songwriter . He is best known as a member of the boy band One Direction . In 2010 , Horan auditioned as a solo artist for British televised singing competition "The X Factor" . After being eliminated as a solo performer , Horan joined four other contestants to form One Direction . The band has released five commercially successful albums , performed on four worldwide tours , and won a number of awards .
Germans ( German : "Deutsche" ) are a Germanic ethnic group native to Germany and other parts of Central Europe , who share a common German ancestry , culture and history . German is the shared mother tongue of a substantial majority of ethnic Germans . Adolf ( Christoph Wilhelm ) Bestelmeyer ( 21 December 1875 – 21 November 1957 ) was a German experimental physicist .
Rockland is a city in Knox County , Maine , in the United States . As of the 2010 census , the city population was 7,297 . It is the county seat of Knox County . The city is a popular tourist destination . It is a departure point for the Maine State Ferry Service to the islands of Penobscot Bay : Vinalhaven , North Haven and Matinicus . Fiske O'Hara ( March 11 , 1878 , Rockland , Maine – July 12 , 1945 , Hollywood , California ) was an American singer and actor who was nicknamed the "Irish Tenor" .
Paride ed Elena ( ] ; "Paris and Helen" ) is an opera by Christoph Willibald Gluck . It is the third of Gluck 's so-called reform operas for Vienna , following "Alceste" and "Orfeo ed Euridice" , and the least often performed of the three . Like its predecessors , the libretto was written by Ranieri de ' Calzabigi . The opera tells the story of the events between the Judgment of Paris and the flight of Paris and Helen to Troy . It was premiered at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 3 November 1770 . Orfeo ed Euridice ( French version : Orphée et Eurydice ; English : "Orpheus and Eurydice" ) is an opera composed by Christoph Willibald Gluck based on the myth of Orpheus , set to a libretto by Ranieri de ' Calzabigi . It belongs to the genre of the "azione teatrale" , meaning an opera on a mythological subject with choruses and dancing . The piece was first performed at the Burgtheater in Vienna on 5 October 1762 in the presence of Empress Maria Theresa . "Orfeo ed Euridice" is the first of Gluck 's "reform" operas , in which he attempted to replace the abstruse plots and overly complex music of "opera seria" with a "noble simplicity" in both the music and the drama .
Herschell Gordon Lewis ( June 15 , 1926 – September 26 , 2016 ) was an American filmmaker , best known for creating the "splatter" subgenre of horror films . He is often called the "Godfather of Gore" ( a title also given to Lucio Fulci ) , though his film career included works in a range of exploitation film genres including juvenile delinquent films , nudie-cuties , two children 's films and at least one rural comedy . On Lewis ' career , AllMovie wrote : "With his better-known gore films , Herschell Gordon Lewis was a pioneer , going farther than anyone else dared , probing the depths of disgust and discomfort onscreen with more bad taste and imagination than anyone of his era ." Leah Meyerhoff is a Student Academy Award-nominated director , producer and screenwriter . Her films have screened in over 200 film festivals worldwide and won over a dozen international awards .
The Ring ( often called The Ring magazine or Ring TV ) is an American boxing magazine that was first published in 1922 as a boxing and wrestling magazine . As the sporting legitimacy of professional wrestling came more into question , "The Ring" shifted to becoming exclusively a boxing oriented publication . The magazine is currently owned by Oscar De La Hoya 's Golden Boy Enterprises , which acquired it in 2007 . Disney Magazine was an official Disney magazine that was published quarterly from December 1965 to April 2005 .
Tlacote el Bajo is a village in Querétaro , Mexico . It is located in the municipality of Querétaro . It has 5453 inhabitants , and is located at 1850 meters above sea level . It is famous for its allegedly miraculous water springs , which were visited by many celebrities , including NBA player Magic Johnson . Earvin "Magic" Johnson Jr. ( born August 14 , 1959 ) is an American retired professional basketball player and current president of basketball operations of the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played point guard for the Lakers for 13 seasons . After winning championships in high school and college , Johnson was selected first overall in the 1979 NBA draft by the Lakers . He won a championship and an NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award in his rookie season , and won four more championships with the Lakers during the 1980s . Johnson retired abruptly in 1991 after announcing that he had contracted HIV , but returned to play in the 1992 All-Star Game , winning the All-Star MVP Award . After protests from his fellow players , he retired again for four years , but returned in 1996 , at age 36 , to play 32 games for the Lakers before retiring for the third and final time .
The Badgeman were a four-piece indie rock band from Salisbury , Wiltshire formed in 1988 , although music journalist Pete Frame claims in his book "Rockin Around Britain" that the band hailed from Melksham . The band has been variously categorised as Alternative rock , shoegazing , indie rock , psychedelic rock , and post punk . The band released two albums on Paperhouse Records , and appeared on two compilation releases , along with artists such as Nirvana , Lee Ranaldo of Sonic Youth , Echo and The Bunnymen , and The Wedding Present . +44 ( read as Plus Forty-four ) was an American rock supergroup formed in Los Angeles , California in 2005 . The group consisted of vocalist and bassist Mark Hoppus and drummer Travis Barker of Blink-182 , lead guitarist Shane Gallagher of The Nervous Return and rhythm guitarist Craig Fairbaugh of Mercy Killers . Hoppus and Barker created +44 shortly after the initial 2005 breakup of Blink-182 , before they were later reformed , and the band 's name refers to the international dialing code of the United Kingdom , the country where the duo first discussed the project . Early recordings were largely electronic in nature , and featured vocals by Carol Heller , formerly of the all-girl punk quartet Get the Girl .
Kim Hyun-joong ( ; born June 6 , 1986 ) is a South Korean actor and singer , and the leader and main rapper of boyband SS501 . Inspiring Generation ( ) is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Kim Hyun-joong , Im Soo-hyang and Jin Se-yeon . It aired on KBS2 from January 15 to April 3 , 2014 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 24 episodes .
Hermiston-McCauley Mine is a large abandoned underground gold mine in Strathy Township of Temagami , Northeastern Ontario , Canada . It is located between the southwestern arm of Net Lake and the south arm of Kanichee Lake . Barton Mine , also known as Net Lake Mine , is an abandoned surface and underground mine in Northeastern Ontario , Canada . It is located about 0.50 km north of the Temagami Arena in Temagami North and just east of the Ontario Northland Railway in northwestern Strathy Township . Dating back to the early 1900s , it is one of the oldest mines in Temagami . Barton was the site of a fire in the early 1900s , after which it never had active mining again .
Syracuse University ( commonly referred to as Syracuse , 'Cuse , or SU ) is a private research university in Syracuse , New York , United States . The institution 's roots can be traced to the Genesee Wesleyan Seminary ( later becoming Genesee College ) , founded in 1831 by the Methodist Episcopal Church in Lima , New York . After several years of debate over relocating the college to Syracuse , the university was established in 1870 , independent of the college . Since 1920 , the university has identified itself as nonsectarian , although it maintains a relationship with The United Methodist Church . Boise State University ( BSU ) is a public college in Boise , Idaho . Founded in 1932 by the Episcopal Church , it became an independent junior college in 1934 , and has been awarding baccalaureate and master 's degrees since 1965 .
Seth MacFarlane is an American actor , animator , writer , producer , director , comedian , and singer . MacFarlane began his career has an animator and writer for Hanna-Barbera for several television series , including "Johnny Bravo" , "Cow and Chicken" , "Dexter 's Laboratory" , "I Am Weasel" , and created a sequel to his college thesis film "Larry & Steve" . The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve are two animated short films created by Seth MacFarlane in the mid-1990s that eventually led to the development of the animated sitcom "Family Guy" . MacFarlane originally created "The Life of Larry" as a thesis film in 1995 , while studying at the Rhode Island School of Design . His professor at RISD submitted MacFarlane 's cartoon to Hanna-Barbera , where he was hired a year later .
Pamela B . Green is an American film producer and director known for her work in feature film titles and motion graphics . She is the director and producer of the documentary "Be Natural : The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blache" . Levni Yilmaz ( born 1973 ) is a San Francisco based independent film maker , artist and publisher , best known for his “ Tales of Mere Existence ” animated comic series .
Moor Park is a Grade I listed Palladian mansion set within several hundred acres of parkland to the south-east of Rickmansworth in Hertfordshire , England . It is called Moor Park Mansion because it is in the old park of the Manor of More . The More ( also known as the Manor of the More ) was a 16th-century palace near Rickmansworth , Hertfordshire , England , where Catherine of Aragon lived after the annulment of her marriage to Henry VIII . It was previously owned by Cardinal Wolsey , and was located at the north east corner of the later More Park estate on the edge of the River Colne flood plain . The Treaty of the More was celebrated here by Henry VIII and the French ambassadors . In 1527 , the French ambassador , Jean du Bellay thought the house more splendid than Hampton Court . Nothing now remains above ground . The site is a scheduled ancient monument . In the grounds of the school exist parts of at least two large stone pillars ( approx 1 meter in length ) which are said to be part of the original manor .
German Spitz is used to refer to both a breed of dog and category or type of dog . Several modern breeds have been developed from the German Spitz , and are either registered as separate breeds or as varieties of German Spitz . All the "German Spitz type" dogs are dogs of the Spitz type of German origin . The Großspitz , Mittelspitz , and Kleinspitz breeds of "German Spitz type" are also called the German Spitz in English . The Norfolk Spaniel or Shropshire Spaniel is an extinct breed of dog since the early 20th century . It was originally thought to have originated from the work of one of the Dukes of Norfolk , but this theory was disproven after being in doubt during the later part of the 19th century . The term was used to designate springer type spaniels that were neither Sussex nor Clumber Spaniels , and attempts were made to use it to specify a breed that would later become known as the English Springer Spaniel .
The 29th AVN Awards ceremony , presented by "Adult Video News" , honored the best pornographic movies and adult entertainment products of 2011 of the United States and took place January 21 , 2012 , at a new venue , The Joint inside the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Paradise , Nevada . Movies or products released between Oct. 1 , 2010 and Sept. 30 , 2011 were eligible . The ceremony was televised in the United States by Showtime . Comedian Dave Attell hosted the show for the second time . He first presided over the 27th ceremony held in 2010 , and shared the 29th ceremony with co-hosts Bree Olson and Sunny Leone . The awards show was held together with the Adult Entertainment Expo and Internext at the same venue . Rachel Marie Oberlin ( born October 7 , 1986 ) , also known by her stage name Bree Olson , is an American glamour model , actress , national spokesperson , web personality , former pornographic actress and "Penthouse" Pet . She performed in over 281 pornographic films from 2006 to 2011 before changing to mainstream acting . Since leaving the industry , she has become vocally critical of the porn industry and the stigma attached to being a former porn actress .
VIVA Media GmbH ( until 2004 "VIVA Media AG" ) is a music television network originating from Germany . It was founded for broadcast of VIVA Germany as VIVA Media AG in 1993 and has been owned by their original concurrent Viacom , the parent company of MTV , since 2004 . Viva channels exist in some European countries ; the first spin-offs were launched in Poland and Switzerland in 2000 . A Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung ( ] , abbreviated GmbH ] and also GesmbH in Austria ) is a type of legal entity very common in Germany , Austria , Switzerland ( where it is equivalent to a S.à r.l . ) and Liechtenstein . In the United States , the equivalent type of entity is the limited liability company ( LLC ) . The name of the GmbH form emphasizes the fact that the owners ( "Gesellschafter" , also known as members ) of the entity are not personally liable for the company 's debts . "GmbH" s are considered legal persons under German and Austrian law . Other variations include mbH ( used when the term "Gesellschaft" is part of the company name itself ) , and gGmbH ( "gemeinnützige" GmbH ) for non-profit companies .
Jaroslav Kvapil ( 25 September 1868 in Chudenice , Kingdom of Bohemia – 10 January 1950 in Prague ) was a Czech poet , playwright , and librettist . From 1900 he was a director and Dramaturg at the National Theatre in Prague , where he introduced plays by Anton Chekhov , Henrik Ibsen and Maxim Gorky into the repertory . Later he was a director at the Vinohrady Theatre ( 1921–1928 ) . He wrote six plays , but is today chiefly remembered as the librettist of Antonín Dvořák 's "Rusalka" . The Kingdom of Bohemia , sometimes in English literature referred to as the Czech Kingdom ( Czech : "České království" ; German : "Königreich Böhmen" ; Latin : "Regnum Bohemiae" , sometimes Latin : "Regnum Czechorum" ) , was a medieval and early modern monarchy in Central Europe , the predecessor of the modern Czech Republic . It was an Imperial State in the Holy Roman Empire , and the Bohemian king was a prince-elector of the empire . The kings of Bohemia , besides Bohemia , ruled also the Lands of the Bohemian Crown , which at various times included Moravia , Silesia , Lusatia and parts of Saxony , Brandenburg and Bavaria .
The Truth According to Wikipedia , also referred to as Wiki 's Truth ( Dutch : Wiki 's Waarheid ) , is a Dutch documentary about Wikipedia directed by Ijsbrand van Veelen . It was screened at The Next Web conference in Amsterdam on 4 April 2008 and broadcast by the Dutch documentary series "Backlight" ( Dutch : "Tegenlicht" ) on Nederland 2 on 7 April 2008 . It was subsequently made available through American Public Television . Hot Girls Wanted is a 2015 American documentary on young adult pornography directed by Jill Bauer and Ronna Gradus . The film follows the lives of several 18- and 19-year-old pornographic actresses . The film premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival and was released on Netflix on May 29 , 2015 .
Michael I ( Polish : "Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki" , Lithuanian : "Mykolas I Kaributas Višnioveckis" ; May 31 , 1640 – November 10 , 1673 ) was the ruler of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth as King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from September 29 , 1669 until his death in 1673 . Michael 's reign was marked by struggles between the pro-Habsburg and pro-French political factions . Michał Wiśniowiecki ( died 1616 ) was a Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth szlachcic , prince at Wiśniowiec , magnate , grandfather of future Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth monarch , Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki . Starost of Owrucz .
Bally 's & Paris station is a station on the Las Vegas Monorail . The station is an island platform located at Bally 's and the Paris Las Vegas hotels . Bally 's & Paris station is located behind the two hotels . The Las Vegas Monorail is a 3.9 mi monorail mass transit system located adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip , in Clark County , Nevada , United States . It connects several large casinos in the unincorporated communities of Paradise and Winchester , and does not enter the City of Las Vegas . It is owned and operated by the Las Vegas Monorail Company . In 2013 , total annual ridership was roughly 4.2 million , down from a pre-Great Recession peak of 7.9 million in 2007 . The monorail is a registered not-for-profit corporation , allowed under Nevada law since the monorail provides a public service . The State of Nevada assisted in bond financing , but no public money was used in construction .
Flashback , released as Flashback : The Quest for Identity in the United States , is a 1992 science fiction cinematic platform game developed by Delphine Software of France and published by U.S. Gold in United States and Europe , and Sunsoft in Japan . Fade to Black is an action-adventure game developed by Delphine Software International and published by Electronic Arts . It is the sequel to the 1992 video game "Flashback" . The game was released for MS-DOS and PlayStation . Planned Nintendo 64 and Sega Saturn versions were cancelled .
XVideos is the world 's largest pornographic video sharing and viewing website . It 's registered to the Polish company , WGCZ Holding . Alexa ranks it as the 50th most visited website in the world . YouPorn is a free pornographic video sharing website and one of the 100 most accessed websites in the world . Since launching in August 2006 , it grew to become the most popular pornographic website on the internet , and , in November 2007 , it was reported to be the largest free pornographic website as well . As of February 2013 , it was the 83rd most popular website overall and the fifth most popular pornographic website . In the category of pornographic websites , it was surpassed in the rankings by competitor sites xHamster , XVideos , and Pornhub , as well as the adult webcam site LiveJasmin .
Sherpi Kangri is a mountain peak in the Karakoram Range . It lies five km south of Ghent Kangri ( 7,380 m ) and ten km northwest of Saltoro Kangri ( 7,742 m ) . Karjiang is a mountain in Tibet , located near the Bhutan–China border . The highest peak of the Karjiang group is Karjiang I or Karjiang South , with an elevation of 7221 m ; it remains unclimbed . Other peaks include Karjiang North ( 7196 m ) , Karjiang II/Central ( 7045 m ) , Karjiang III or Taptol Kangri ( 6820 m ) and the top of the north-eastern shoulder ( 6400 m ) .
Current Mood is the third studio album by American country music singer Dustin Lynch . It was released on September 8 , 2017 , via Broken Bow Records . The album includes the singles "Seein ' Red" and "Small Town Boy" , which have both reached number one on the Country Airplay chart . "Small Town Boy" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dustin Lynch . It was released to country radio on February 17 , 2017 as the second single from his third studio album , "Current Mood" .
Courage the Cowardly Dog is an American animated horror comedy television series created by John R. Dilworth for Cartoon Network as part of the network 's Cartoon Cartoons block . The main character is the eponymous pink , anthropomorphic dog who lives with a married elderly couple in the middle of Nowhere . The trio are frequently thrown into bizarre misadventures , often involving the paranormal or supernatural . The series is known for its dark , surreal humor and atmosphere . Thea Ruth White ( née Zitzner ; born 1940 ) is an American voice actress best known for her voice over work as Muriel Bagge on "Courage the Cowardly Dog" .
Operation Dragoon ( initially Operation Anvil ) was the code name for the Allied invasion of Southern France on 15August 1944 . The operation was initially planned to be executed in conjunction with Operation Overlord , the Allied landing in the Normandy , but the lack of available resources led to a cancellation of the second landing . By July 1944 the landing was reconsidered , as the clogged-up ports in Normandy did not have the capacity to adequately supply the Allied forces . Concurrently , the French High Command pushed for a revival of the operation that would include large numbers of French troops . As a result , the operation was finally approved in July to be executed in August . The Battle of Cold Harbor was fought from May 31 to June 12 , 1864 , with the most significant fighting occurring on June 3 . It was one of the final battles of Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 's Overland Campaign during the American Civil War , and is remembered as one of American history 's bloodiest , most lopsided battles . Thousands of Union soldiers were killed or wounded in a hopeless frontal assault against the fortified positions of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee 's army .
Allure is an American women ’ s beauty magazine , published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City . It was founded in 1991 by Linda Wells . Michelle Lee replaced Wells in 2015 . A signature of the magazine is its annual Best of Beauty awards—accolades given in the October issue to beauty products deemed the best by magazine staff . Genre magazine ( ISSN 1074-5246 ) was a New York city-based monthly periodical from 1992 to 2009 written for gay men . It was owned by gay press publisher Window Media .
All Dogs Go to Heaven is a 1989 animated musical comedy-drama film directed and produced by Don Bluth , and released by United Artists and Goldcrest Films . It tells the story of Charlie B. Barkin ( voiced by Burt Reynolds ) , a German Shepherd that is murdered by his former friend , Carface ( voiced by Vic Tayback , in his final film role ) , but withdraws from his place in Heaven to return to Earth , where his best friend , Itchy Itchiford ( voiced by Dom DeLuise ) still lives , and he teams up with a young orphan girl named Anne-Marie ( voiced by Judith Barsi , in her final film role ) , who teaches them an important lesson about kindness , friendship and love . A Troll in Central Park ( released in some countries as Stanley 's Magic Garden ) is a 1994 American animated musical fantasy-comedy film directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman , creators of "Rock-A-Doodle" , "The Land Before Time" , "All Dogs Go to Heaven" , "The Secret of NIMH" and "An American Tail" . It was released on October 7 , 1994 , by Warner Bros. Family Entertainment . The film grossed $ 71,368 at the North American box office .
Gregg Berhalter ( ; born August 1 , 1973 ) is a retired American soccer player and current head coach of Columbus Crew SC in Major League Soccer . Columbus Crew Soccer Club is an American professional soccer club based in Columbus , Ohio . The Crew competes in Major League Soccer ( MLS ) as a member club of the league 's Eastern Conference . The Crew began play in 1996 as one of the ten charter clubs of the league . The team is owned by Anthony Precourt and Precourt Sports Ventures LLC . Precourt became the second owner in the history of the club on July 30 , 2013 . The club 's head coach is Gregg Berhalter , a former player of the United States men 's national soccer team .
Johnnie Casson is an English comedian who has appeared on numerous occasions on British television , notably on ITV 's "The Comedians" and many guest spots on "Des O'Connor Tonight" . O'Connor was born in Stepney , East London to Maude ( "née" Bassett ) and Harry O'Connor . His mother was Jewish and his father was from Ireland . Des claims to be the only O'Connor who ever had a Bar Mitzvah . He had a brother , William O'Connor , and has a sister , Patricia , who is one year his junior . He was evacuated to Northampton during the Second World War and was briefly a professional footballer with Northampton Town .
Places in the Heart is a 1984 American drama film written and directed by Robert Benton about a U.S. Depression-era Texas widow who tries to save the family farm with the help of a blind white man and a poor black man . The film stars Sally Field , Lindsay Crouse , Ed Harris , Ray Baker , Amy Madigan , John Malkovich , Danny Glover , Jerry Haynes and Terry O'Quinn . It was filmed in Waxahachie , Texas . Field won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance . Danny Lebern Glover ( born July 22 , 1946 ) is an American actor , film director , and political activist . He is well known for his leading role as Roger Murtaugh in the "Lethal Weapon" film series , "The Color Purple" ( 1985 ) , "To Sleep with Anger" ( 1990 ) , "Predator 2" ( 1990 ) , and "Angels in the Outfield" ( 1994 ) . He also has prominent supporting roles in "Silverado" ( 1985 ) , "Witness" ( 1985 ) , "Saw" ( 2004 ) , "Shooter" ( 2007 ) , "2012" ( 2009 ) , "Death at a Funeral" ( 2010 ) , "Beyond the Lights" ( 2014 ) , and "Dirty Grandpa" ( 2016 ) . He has appeared in many other movies , television shows , and theatrical productions , and is an active supporter of various humanitarian and political causes .
Bill Pollack was a competitor in the early days of the post World War II California sports car culture . Starting his racing career in 1950 , he would go on to win the Pebble Beach in an Allard J2 that was owned by Tom Carstens ' . Bill also won at other California venues of that time : Pebble Beach , Golden Gate Park , Reno , Torrey Pines , Stockton , Madera , Willow Springs , Palm Springs , and the Santa Barbara road races . He was a contemporary of Phil Hill , who went on to become the first and only U.S. born world grand prix champion . Philip Toll Hill Jr. ( April 20 , 1927 – August 28 , 2008 ) was an American automobile racer and the only American-born driver to win the Formula One World Drivers ' Championship ( Mario Andretti , an Italian American driver , won the World Drivers ' Championship in 1978 , but was not born in the United States ) . He also scored three wins at each of the 24 Hours of Le Mans and 12 Hours of Sebring sports car races .
Pia Miller ( née Loyola ; born 2 November 1983 ) is a Chilean-born Australian fashion model , actress and television presenter . Miller came to prominence after winning "Dolly 's" annual modelling competition . She later competed in the second series of "Search for a Supermodel" . Miller has appeared in various advertising campaigns for brands such as Myer and Mossimo . She became the co-host of Qantas ' in-flight entertainment programs in 2010 and was named the first Australian celebrity tourism ambassador for Chile in 2014 . DOLLY was an Australian bimonthly teen magazine started in 1970 by Fairfax Ltd. in Australia and New Zealand , and purchased by ACP in 1988 . The magazine became online-only publication and ceased the print edition in December 2016 .
Bengt Mikael Stanne ( born 20 May 1974 ) is the vocalist & one of the lyricists ( also previously rhythm guitarist ) for the Swedish melodic death metal band , Dark Tranquillity and the ex-vocalist for Swedish power metal band HammerFall . Chester Charles Bennington ( March 20 , 1976 – July 20 , 2017 ) was an American singer and songwriter . He was the lead singer for the rock band Linkin Park and also served as the frontman for Dead by Sunrise and Stone Temple Pilots .
Eric Edward Whitacre ( born January2 , 1970 ) is a Grammy-winning American composer , conductor , and speaker , known for his choral , orchestral and wind ensemble music . He is also known for his "Virtual Choir" projects , bringing individual voices from around the globe together into an online choir . In March2016 , he was appointed as Los Angeles Master Chorale 's first artist-in-residence at the Walt Disney Concert Hall . Water Night is one of composer Eric Whitacre 's earliest works , written in 1995 during his attendance at University of Nevada , Las Vegas , and commissioned by the Dale Warland Singers . It is written for SATB choir "a cappella" with three , four and five-part divisi in vocal sections . The text is from Octavio Paz 's poem "Agua nocturna" , adapted by Whitacre and translated by Muriel Rukeyser . According to Whitacre , "[ t ] he music sounded in the air" as he read the poem . Whitacre dedicated this composition to his friend Dr. Bruce Mayhall .
Thomas Robert Daley ( born 21 May 1994 ) is a British diver . Tom Daley specialises in the 10-metre platform event and is a double World champion in the event ; he won the 2009 FINA World Championionship in the individual event at the age of 15 , before regaining it in 2017 . He was the 2012 Olympic bronze medalist in the event . Splash ! is a British television show which teaches celebrities the art of diving with the aid of Tom Daley . The first series started on 5 January 2013 and ended on 2 February 2013 . Gabby Logan and Vernon Kay hosted the show , with Andy Banks , Jo Brand and Leon Taylor as judges , and commentary by Alan March .
Bill Pollack was a competitor in the early days of the post World War II California sports car culture . Starting his racing career in 1950 , he would go on to win the Pebble Beach in an Allard J2 that was owned by Tom Carstens ' . Bill also won at other California venues of that time : Pebble Beach , Golden Gate Park , Reno , Torrey Pines , Stockton , Madera , Willow Springs , Palm Springs , and the Santa Barbara road races . He was a contemporary of Phil Hill , who went on to become the first and only U.S. born world grand prix champion . Philip Toll Hill Jr. ( April 20 , 1927 – August 28 , 2008 ) was an American automobile racer and the only American-born driver to win the Formula One World Drivers ' Championship ( Mario Andretti , an Italian American driver , won the World Drivers ' Championship in 1978 , but was not born in the United States ) . He also scored three wins at each of the 24 Hours of Le Mans and 12 Hours of Sebring sports car races .
Kristine Moore Gebbie is professor at the Flinders University School of Nursing & Midwifery in Adelaide , Australia . From 2008-2010 , she was the Joan Hansen Grabe Dean of the Hunter-Bellevue School of Nursing , Hunter College-City University of New York . Before moving to Hunter College , Gebbie was the Elizabeth Standish Gill Professor at the Columbia University School of Nursing and Director of Columbia 's Center for Health Policy . Flinders University is a public university in Adelaide , South Australia . Founded in 1966 , it was named in honour of navigator Matthew Flinders , who explored and surveyed the South Australian coastline in the early 19th century .
Jack Kerouac ( or , born Jean-Louis Kérouac ( though he called himself Jean-Louis Lebris de Kérouac ) ; March 12 , 1922 – October 21 , 1969 ) was an American novelist and poet . Alexandra David-Néel , born Louise Eugénie Alexandrine Marie David ( 24 October 1868 – 8 September 1969 ) , was a Belgian–French explorer , spiritualist , Buddhist , anarchist and writer . She is most known for her 1924 visit to Lhasa , Tibet when it was forbidden to foreigners . David-Néel wrote over 30 books about Eastern religion , philosophy , and her travels , including "Magic and Mystery in Tibet" which was published in 1929 . Her teachings influenced the beat writers Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg , the populariser of Eastern philosophy Alan Watts , and the esotericist Benjamin Creme .
Steven Rattazzi is an American actor . He provides the voice for the character of Doctor Byron Orpheus on the Adult Swim animated series "The Venture Bros." He has also done some Off-Off-Broadway shows . The Venture Bros. is an American animated television series that was created by Christopher McCulloch ( also known as "Jackson Publick" ) and premiered on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block Adult Swim with a pilot episode on February 16 , 2003 and its first season beginning on August 7 , 2004 . It is considered to be an action/adventure series with comedy-drama elements . The show has been renewed for a seventh and eighth season to consist of ten episodes each .
The London Coliseum ( also known as the Coliseum Theatre ) is a theatre in St. Martin 's Lane , central London , built as one of London 's largest and most luxurious "family" variety theatres . Opened on 24 December 1904 as the London Coliseum Theatre of Varieties , it was designed by the theatrical architect Frank Matcham for the impresario Oswald Stoll . Their ambition was to build the largest and finest music hall , described as the "people 's palace of entertainment" of its age . English National Ballet is a classical ballet company founded by Dame Alicia Markova and Sir Anton Dolin and based at Markova House in South Kensington , London , England . Along with The Royal Ballet , Birmingham Royal Ballet and Scottish Ballet , it is one of the four major ballet companies in Great Britain . English National Ballet is one of the foremost touring companies in Europe , performing in theatres throughout the UK as well as conducting international tours and performing at special events . The Company employs approximately 67 dancers and a symphony orchestra , ( English National Ballet Philharmonic ) and there is also an associate school , English National Ballet School , which is independent from the ballet company . The Company regularly performs seasons at the London Coliseum and has been noted for specially staged performances at the Royal Albert Hall . In 2014 English National Ballet became an Associate Company of Sadler 's Wells . The Patron of English National Ballet is HRH The Duke of York .
KULR-TV , virtual channel 8 , is an NBC affiliate broadcasting on channel 11 in Billings , Montana . KULR is owned by Cowles Company . KULR maintains studios located on Overland Avenue in the Homestead Business Park section of Billings , and its transmitter is located on Coburn Hill southeast of downtown Billings . SWX Right Now ( Sports and Weather Right Now ) is a digital subchannel broadcasting high school and college sports , and automated weather information of interest to viewers throughout Eastern Washington state . The channel is operated by Cowles Company and airs over Cowles ' three NBC affiliated channels in Eastern Washington , including Spokane 's KHQ , KNDO in Yakima and Richland 's KNDU , as well as Billings ' KULR in Montana , and on most cable systems throughout the markets they serve .
3 Days to Kill is a 2014 French-American crime-thriller film directed by McG and written by Luc Besson and Adi Hasak . The film stars Kevin Costner , Amber Heard , Hailee Steinfeld , Connie Nielsen , Richard Sammel , and Eriq Ebouaney . The film was released on 21 February 2014 . Amber Laura Heard ( born April 22 , 1986 ) is an American actress . She made her film debut in 2004 in the sports drama "Friday Night Lights" . After small roles in "North Country" and "Alpha Dog" , Heard played her first leading role in "All the Boys Love Mandy Lane" ( 2006 ) and appeared in The CW television show "Hidden Palms" ( 2007 ) .
Choi Yoon-young ( born September 25 , 1986 ) is a South Korean actress . After passing the 21st KBS actors ' auditions in 2008 , Choi began playing supporting roles in the network 's dramas , notably in "King of Baking , Kim Takgu" ( 2010 ) and "My Daughter Seo-young" ( 2012 ) . She then appeared twice on the big screen in 2012 : in the short film "Endless Flight" in omnibus "Horror Stories" , and the table tennis sports film "As One" . As One ( ; lit . "Korea" ) is a 2012 South Korean sports drama film starring Ha Ji-won and Bae Doona . It is a cinematic retelling of the first ever post-war Unified Korea sports team which won the gold at the 1991 World Table Tennis Championships in Chiba , Japan . Director Moon Hyun-sung used the foundation of true events to tell the story of a team that united a divided nation for the first time in its painful history .
Kaley Christine Cuoco ( ; born November 30 , 1985 ) is an American actress . After a series of supporting film and television roles in the late 1990s , she landed her breakthrough role as Bridget Hennessy on the ABC sitcom "8 Simple Rules" , on which she starred from 2002 to 2005 . Thereafter , Cuoco appeared as Billie Jenkins on the final season of the television series "Charmed" ( 2005–2006 ) . Since 2007 , she has starred as Penny on the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" , for which she has received Satellite , Critics ' Choice , and People 's Choice Awards . Cuoco 's film work includes roles in "To Be Fat like Me" ( 2007 ) , "Hop" ( 2011 ) and "Authors Anonymous" ( 2014 ) . She received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2014 . The 2011 Teen Choice Awards ceremony , hosted by Kaley Cuoco , aired live on August 7 , 2011 at 8/7c on Fox . This was the first time that the ceremonies were aired live since the 2007 show .
Golden Nugget , Inc. ( Formerly Poster Financial Group ) is a Las Vegas , Nevada based private investment firm that was originally created by Timothy Poster and Thomas Breitling to acquire the Golden Nugget Las Vegas and the Golden Nugget Laughlin . The Golden Nugget Las Vegas is a luxury hotel and casino located in Las Vegas , Nevada on the Fremont Street Experience . The property is owned and operated by Landry 's , Inc .
Karla Bonoff ( born December 27 , 1951 ) is an American singer-songwriter , primarily known for her songwriting . As a songwriter , Bonoff 's songs have been interpreted by other artists such as "Home" by Bonnie Raitt , "Tell Me Why" by Wynonna Judd , and "Is n't It Always Love" by Lynn Anderson . Wynonna Ellen Judd ( ; born Christina Claire Ciminella ; May 30 , 1964 ) is an American country music singer . Her solo albums and singles are all credited to the single name Wynonna . She first rose to fame in the 1980s alongside her mother Naomi in the country music duo The Judds . They released seven albums on Curb Records in addition to 26 singles , of which 14 were number-one hits .
Remote Function Call is the proprietary SAP SE interface . Remote Function Call ( RFC ) is the standard SAP interface for communication between SAP systems . The RFC calls a function to be executed in a remote system . Remote function calls may be associated with SAP software and ABAP programming and provide a way for an external program ( written in languages such as PHP , ASP , Java , or C , C++ ) to use data returned from the server . Data transactions are not limited to getting data from the server , but can insert data into server records as well . SAP can act as the Client or Server in an RFC call . SAP SE ( ) ( "Systeme , Anwendungen und Produkte in der Datenverarbeitung" ; "Systems , Applications & Products in Data Processing" ) is a German multinational software corporation that makes enterprise software to manage business operations and customer relations . SAP is headquartered in Walldorf , Baden-Württemberg , with regional offices in 130 countries . The company has over 335,000 customers in over 180 countries . The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index .
Kieft 's War , also known as the Wappinger War , was a conflict ( 1643–1645 ) between settlers of the nascent colony of New Netherland and the native Lenape population in what would later become the New York metropolitan area of the United States . It is named for Director-General of New Netherland Willem Kieft , who had ordered an attack without approval of his advisory council and against the wishes of the colonists . Dutch soldiers attacked Lenape camps and massacred the native inhabitants , which encouraged unification among the regional Algonquian tribes against the Dutch , and precipitated waves of attacks on both sides . This was one of the earliest conflicts between Native Americans and European settlers . Displeased with Kieft , the Dutch West India Company recalled him and he died while returning to the Netherlands . Peter Stuyvesant succeeded him in New Netherland . Because of the continuing threat by the Algonquians , numerous Dutch settlers returned to the Netherlands , and growth of the colony slowed . The Pound Ridge massacre was a battle of Kieft 's War that took place in March 1644 between the forces of New Netherland and members of the Wappinger Confederacy at a Wappinger Confederacy village in the present-day town of Pound Ridge , New York . A mixed force of 130 Dutch and English soldiers led by Captain John Underhill launched a night attack on the village and destroyed it with fire . 500 to 700 members of the Wappinger Confederacy were killed while the New Netherland force lost one man killed and fifteen wounded . More casualties were suffered in this attack than in any other single incident in the war . Shortly after the battle several local Wappinger Confederacy sachems sued for peace .
Stanley Lawrence Elkin ( May 11 , 1930 – May 31 , 1995 ) was an American novelist , short story writer , and essayist . His extravagant , satirical fiction revolves around American consumerism , popular culture , and male-female relation between each other . Anne Lamott ( born April 10 , 1954 ) is an American novelist and non-fiction writer .
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyne-Cecil , 3rd Marquess of Salisbury , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 3 February 183022 August 1903 ) , styled Lord Robert Cecil before 1865 and Viscount Cranborne from June 1865 until April 1868 , was a British Conservative statesman , serving as prime minister three times for a total of over 13 years . He was the last prime minister to head his full administration from the House of Lords . William Hale John Charles Pery , 3rd Earl of Limerick KP , PC , DL , JP ( 17 January 1840 – 8 August 1896 ) , styled Viscount Glentworth until 1866 , was an Irish peer and Conservative politician . He served as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard under Lord Salisbury between 1889 and 1892 and again between 1895 and his death in 1896 . In 1892 he was made a Knight of the Order of St Patrick .
Lyoto Carvalho Machida ( ] ; 町田龍太 ) ( born May 30 , 1978 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who currently competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship . He is a former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion . UFC 140 : Jones vs. Machida was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on December 10 , 2011 at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . It was the penultimate event for the UFC in 2011 . The event featured eight bouts televised internationally , seven preliminary bouts aired on cable in the United States and Canada , and three preliminary bouts streamed live on Facebook . In the co-main event , Frank Mir , who was the first man to knock out Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira at UFC 92 , became the first man to submit Nogueira . Mir accomplished the feat with a kimura that ultimately broke Nogueira 's arm . In the main event , Lyoto Machida also suffered his first ever submission loss at the hands of Jon Jones . In doing so , Jones retained the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship title .
Moss Side railway station is on the Blackpool South to Preston line , in Lancashire , England . It is located in Moss Side , a hamlet where the B5259 ( Lytham to Wrea Green ) road crosses the railway at a level crossing . It is managed by Northern , who operate all passenger services that call there . Blackpool South railway station serves the suburban south of the popular seaside resort of Blackpool , Lancashire , England . It is the terminus of the "South Fylde Line" 12+1/4 mi west of by rail , though most services run through from Colne . It lies only a short walk from Blackpool Football Club 's stadium at Bloomfield Road . The station is managed by Northern , who operate all trains serving it . Blackpool South is located about 500 m from Waterloo Road tram stop on the Blackpool Tramway .
The Boston Christmas Tree is the City of Boston , Massachusetts ' official Christmas tree . A tree has been lit each year since 1941 , and since 1971 it has been given to the people of Boston by the people of Nova Scotia in thanks for their assistance after the 1917 Halifax Explosion . The tree is lit in the Boston Common throughout the Christmas season . Ainslie Glen ( Scottish Gaelic : "Gleann nam Màgan" ) is a small community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , located in Inverness County on Cape Breton Island . In 2016 , a tree on Crown Lands was chosen to become the Boston Christmas Tree .
Jewish Currents is a progressive , secular Jewish quarterly magazine that carries on the insurgent tradition of the Jewish left through independent journalism , political commentary , and a "countercultural" approach to Jewish arts and literature . The Writer is a monthly magazine for writers published by Madavor Media .
John Hovig Dolmayan ( Armenian : Ջոն Դոլմայան , born July 15 , 1973 ) is a Lebanese-born Armenian–American songwriter and drummer . He is best known as the drummer of System of a Down . Dolmayan is also the drummer for the band Indicator and former drummer for Scars on Broadway . His energetic live performances with System Of A Down over the years , have garnered him critical acclaim . Loudwire listed him as one of the "Top 50 Hard Rock + Metal Drummers Of All Time" , with Dolmayan being ranked at # 22 . Greg Costikyan ( born July 22 , 1959 , in New York City ) , sometimes known under the pseudonym "Designer X" , is an American game designer and science fiction writer .
James A. Garfield , the 20th President of the United States , was assassinated at 9:30 am on July 2 , 1881 , less than four months into his term as President . He was shot by Charles J. Guiteau at the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Station in Washington , D.C. , and died in Elberon , New Jersey on September 19 , 1881 . Guiteau 's motive was revenge against Garfield for an imagined political debt . Garfield was the second of four Presidents to be assassinated , following Abraham Lincoln and preceding William McKinley and John F. Kennedy . His Vice President , Chester A. Arthur , succeeded Garfield as President . On September 6 , 1901 , William McKinley , the 25th President of the United States , was shot on the grounds of the Pan-American Exposition at the Temple of Music in Buffalo , New York . He was shaking hands with the public when Leon Czolgosz , an anarchist , shot him twice in the abdomen . McKinley died eight days later on September 14 of gangrene caused by the gunshot wounds . He was the third American president to have been assassinated , following Abraham Lincoln in 1865 and James A. Garfield in 1881 .
James and the Giant Peach is a 1996 British-American musical fantasy film directed by Henry Selick , based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl . It was produced by Tim Burton and Denise Di Novi , directed by Henry Selick , and starred Paul Terry as James . The film is a combination of live action and stop-motion animation . Co-stars Joanna Lumley and Miriam Margolyes played James 's aunts in the live-action segments , and Simon Callow , Richard Dreyfuss , Susan Sarandon , Jane Leeves , David Thewlis , and Margoyles voiced his insect friends in the animation sequences . Tangled is a 2010 American 3D computer-animated musical fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . Loosely based on the German fairy tale "Rapunzel" in the collection of folk tales published by the Brothers Grimm , it is the 50th Disney animated feature film . Featuring the voices of Mandy Moore , Zachary Levi and Donna Murphy , the film tells the story of a lost , young princess with long magical hair who yearns to leave her secluded tower . Against her mother 's wishes , she accepts the aid of an intruder to take her out into the world which she has never seen .
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company ( commonly referred to as Hewlett Packard Enterprise or HPE ) is an American multinational enterprise information technology company based in Palo Alto , California , founded on 1 November 2015 as part of splitting of the Hewlett-Packard company . HPE is a business-focused organization with four divisions : Enterprise Group , which works in servers , storage , networking , consulting and support ; Services ; Software ; and Financial Services . WPX Energy , Inc. ( Williams Production and Exploration LLC ) is a petroleum and natural gas exploration company headquartered in the Williams Center in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
The 1993 Tehran mid-air collision occurred just outside the Iranian capital city of Tehran on Monday , February 8 , 1993 , killing all 133 people on board both aircraft involved—an Iran Air Tours Tupolev Tu-154M , registered EP-ITD , and an Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force ( IRIAF ) Sukhoi Su-24 attack aircraft . Iran Air Tours is an airline based in Tehran , Iran . The airline mainly operates under the English name Iran Airtour ( i.e . without the plural "s" ) as written in Persian ( Persian : ایران ایر تور‎ ‎ ) . This error is due to confusion between different pluralization rules in English and Persian . Iran Air Tours was established as a subsidiary of Iran Air and operates scheduled domestic services and international services in the Middle East as well as Eastern Europe , as well as charter services .
Edward Michael "Bear" Grylls ( born 7 June 1974 ) is a British adventurer , writer and television presenter from Northern Ireland . He is widely known for his television series "Man vs. Wild" ( 2006–2011 ) , originally titled "Born Survivor : Bear Grylls" in the United Kingdom . Grylls is also involved in a number of wilderness survival television series in the UK and US . In July 2009 , Grylls was appointed the youngest-ever Chief Scout in the UK at age 35 . The Island is an American survival skills reality television series , narrated by adventurer and survivalist Bear Grylls on NBC , which began airing on May 25 , 2015 .
Skindles was a hotel in Maidenhead , England , on the Buckinghamshire bank of the River Thames by Maidenhead Bridge . Formerly the Orkney Arms , built in 1743 , it was turned from a coaching inn into a fashionable hotel by William Skindle in 1833 . In the 20th century , it became notorious as a place for adulterous assignations . Its guests included Winston Churchill and Princess Margaret , and musicians who performed there included The Rolling Stones and The Strawbs . The hotel appears in the film Kind Hearts and Coronets . Skindles is mentioned in the play Journey 's End by R. C. Sherriff : 'We danced a bit at Skindles , and drank a lot of port and muck ' . Kind Hearts and Coronets is a 1949 British black comedy film . It features Dennis Price , Joan Greenwood , Valerie Hobson and Alec Guinness ; Guinness plays nine characters . The plot is loosely based on the novel "Israel Rank : The Autobiography of a Criminal" ( 1907 ) by Roy Horniman . It concerns Louis D'Ascoyne Mazzini , the son of a woman disowned by her aristocratic family for marrying out of her social class . After her death Louis decides to take revenge on the family , and to take the dukedom , by murdering the eight people ahead of him in succession to the title .
"Not About Angels" is a song by English musician Birdy . It is one of the theme songs for the film adaptation of the book "The Fault in Our Stars" . The Fault in Our Stars is the sixth novel by author John Green , published in January 2012 . The title is inspired by Act 1 , Scene 2 of Shakespeare 's play "Julius Caesar" , in which the nobleman Cassius says to Brutus : "The fault , dear Brutus , is not in our stars , / But in ourselves , that we are underlings ." The story is narrated by Hazel Grace Lancaster , a 16-year-old girl with cancer . Hazel is forced by her parents to attend a support group where she subsequently meets and falls in love with 17-year-old Augustus Waters , an ex-basketball player and amputee . A feature film adaptation of the novel directed by Josh Boone and starring Shailene Woodley , Ansel Elgort and Nat Wolff was released on June 6 , 2014 . Both the book and its film adaptation were met with strong critical and commercial success .
Kongo or Kikongo is one of the Bantu languages and is spoken by the Kongo and Ndundu people living in the tropical forests of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , the Republic of the Congo and Angola . It is a tonal language . It was spoken by many of those who were taken from the region and sold as slaves in the Americas . For this reason , while Kongo still is spoken in the above-mentioned countries , creolized forms of the language are found in ritual speech of Afro-American religions , especially in Brazil , Cuba , and Haiti . It is also one of the sources of the Gullah language and the Palenquero creole in Colombia . The vast majority of present-day speakers live in Africa . There are roughly seven million native speakers of Kongo , with perhaps two million more who use it as a second language . Afro-American religions ( also known as African diasporic religions or New World traditions ) are a number of related religions that developed in the Americas in various nations of Latin America , the Caribbean , and the southern United States . They derive from traditional African religions of Africa with some influence from Christianity .
Helmuth Johann Ludwig von Moltke ( ] ; 23 May 1848 – 18 June 1916 ) , also known as Moltke the Younger , was a nephew of "Generalfeldmarschall" ( Field Marshal ) Helmuth Karl Bernhard von Moltke and served as the Chief of the German General Staff from 1906 to 1914 . The two are often differentiated as "Moltke the Elder" and "Moltke the Younger" . The Moltke Nunataks ( ) are a chain of north–south trending nunataks close to the northeastern end of the Filchner Ice Shelf , Antarctica . One nunatak was first roughly mapped and named "Moltke Nunatak" by the Second German Antarctic Expedition of 1911–12 under Wilhelm Filchner . He named it for General Helmuth von Moltke , Chief of the German General Staff and Secretary of State for Home Affairs . Surveys during the mid-1950s by British , Argentine and United States expeditions indicate that a group of four or five nunataks exist in the area .
Carolyn Janice Cherry ( born September 1 , 1942 ) , better known by the pen name C. J. Cherryh , is an American writer of speculative fiction . She has written more than 60 books since the mid-1970s , including the Hugo Award-winning novels "Downbelow Station" ( 1981 ) and "Cyteen" ( 1988 ) , both set in her Alliance-Union universe . She is known for "world building ," depicting fictional realms with great realism supported by vast research in history , language , psychology , and archeology . Her series of fantasy novels set in the Alliance-Union universe , the Morgaine Stories , have sold in excess of 3 million copies . Fortress is a series of fantasy novels by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh , published by HarperCollins . They are set in a medieval fantasy world with a 15th-century feel and feature magic , sorcery , medieval warfare , politics and other elements common to the high fantasy subgenre . The first book in the series , "Fortress in the Eye of Time" , was published in 1995 and followed by "Fortress of Eagles" in 1998 , "Fortress of Owls" in 1999 , "Fortress of Dragons" in 2000 and "Fortress of Ice" in 2006 .
Dirk Werner Nowitzki ( ] ) ( born June 19 , 1978 ) is a German professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . An alumnus of Röntgen Gymnasium and the DJK Würzburg basketball club , Nowitzki was chosen as the ninth pick in the 1998 NBA draft by the Milwaukee Bucks and immediately traded to the Mavericks , where he has played since . Listed at 7 ft , Nowitzki is considered to be one of the greatest power forwards of all time . The Nike Hoop Summit is an international men 's basketball all-star game sponsored by Nike , held once a year since 1995 , which features the USA Basketball Men 's Junior Select Team against a World Select Team of international players . The players demonstrate their skills and hope to attract attention from either NBA scouts or colleges . A number of current NBA players have participated in this event in the past , including Kevin Garnett , Derrick Rose , Kevin Durant , also John Wall for the U.S.A. team , and Dirk Nowitzki , Tony Parker , Nicolas Batum , Serge Ibaka , Enes Kanter , and Patrick Mills for the World Select team . In the 2010 edition of the event , Enes Kanter scored 34 points and surpassed the event 's record of 33 points set by Dirk Nowitzki in 1998 . Bismack Biyombo recorded the first triple-double in Hoop Summit history in 2011 with 12 points , 11 rebounds , and 10 blocks . In 2012 , Shabazz Muhammad scored 35 points to break Enes Kanter 's Hoop Summit scoring record .
Fomento Económico Mexicano , S.A.B . de C.V. , doing business as FEMSA , is a Mexican multinational beverage and retail company headquartered in Monterrey , Mexico . It operates the largest independent Coca-Cola bottling group in the world and the largest convenience store chain in Mexico . It is also the second largest shareholder of Heineken International . Carlos Salazar Lomelín ( born April 1951 ) is a Mexican businessman who serves as chief executive officer of Coca-Cola FEMSA since 1 January 2000 .
Princess Louise of Denmark and Norway ( Danish : "Louise af Danmark" ; Norwegian : "Louise av Danmark" ) ( 20 January 1750 – 12 January 1831 ) was born to Frederick V of Denmark and Louise of Great Britain . Her eldest daughter , Marie of Hesse-Kassel , was the wife of Frederick VI of Denmark . Frederick VI ( Danish and Norwegian : "Frederik" ; 28 January 17683 December 1839 ) was King of Denmark from 13 March 1808 to 3 December 1839 and King of Norway from 13 March 1808 to 7 February 1814 . From 1784 until his accession , he served as regent during his father 's mental illness and was referred to as the "Crown Prince Regent" ( "kronprinsregent" ) . For his motto he chose "God and the just cause" ( Danish : "Gud og den retfærdige sag" ) and since the time of his reign , succeeding Danish monarchs have also chosen mottos in the Danish language rather than the formerly customary Latin .
Pearl Jam is an American rock band formed in Seattle , Washington , in 1990 . Since its inception , the band 's line-up has consisted of Eddie Vedder ( lead vocals ) , Mike McCready ( lead guitar ) , Stone Gossard ( rhythm guitar ) and Jeff Ament ( bass ) . The band 's fifth member is drummer Matt Cameron ( also of Soundgarden ) , who has been with the band since 1998 . Boom Gaspar ( piano ) has also been a session/touring member with the band since 2002 . Drummers Dave Krusen , Matt Chamberlain , Dave Abbruzzese and Jack Irons are former members of the band . Eric Gaffney ( born December 25 , 1967 , in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) is an American songwriter and recording artist . Eric has been home recording on cassette since 1981 , an active participant in the Western Mass Hardcore Scene , 1983-1984 , founded , wrote songs for , & drummed with 'Grey Matter , ' opening hall shows with Jerry 's Kids , F.U . 's , The Big Boys , Raw Power , Adrenalin O.D. , Siege , The Outpatients , Pajama Slave Dancers , Cancerous Growth , Zero Mentality , & Chronic Disorder .
Games available in most casinos are commonly called casino games . In a casino game , the players gamble casino chips on various possible random outcomes or combinations of outcomes . Casino games are also available in online casinos , where permitted by law . Casino games can also be played outside of casinos for entertainment purposes like in parties or in school competitions , some on machines that simulate gambling . High Rollers Casino is a 2004 casino video game co-developed by Cinemaware and Virtual Toysfor the PlayStation 2 and Xbox gaming consoles . The game allows players to partake in various games typically found within a casino , ranging from card to slot machines .
W41AP channel 41 is an analog low power television station in Sandusky , Ohio . The station is owned by Sandusky Newspapers , Inc. , the publishers of the "Sandusky Register" , the local newspaper . The Sandusky Register is a daily newspaper serving Sandusky , Ohio , as well as nearby Port Clinton and the Lake Erie Islands ( collectively known regionally as Vacationland ) . It is considered the paper of record for the entire region .
Rosario Isabel Dawson ( born May 9 , 1979 ) is an American actress , producer , singer , comic book writer , and political activist . She made her film debut in the 1995 teen drama "Kids" . Her subsequent film roles include "He Got Game" , "Men in Black II" , "25th Hour" , "Rent" , "Sin City" , "Death Proof" , "Seven Pounds" , "" , and "Top Five" . Dawson has also provided voice-over work for Disney and DC . Josie and the Pussycats is a 2001 American musical comedy film released by Universal Pictures , and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer . Directed and co-written by Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan , the film is loosely based upon the Archie comic of the same name , as well as the Hanna-Barbera cartoon . The film is about a young all-female band which signs a record contract with a New York City record label , only to discover that the company does not have the musicians ' best interests at heart . The film stars Rachael Leigh Cook , Tara Reid , and Rosario Dawson as the Pussycats , with Alan Cumming , Parker Posey , and Gabriel Mann in supporting roles . The film received mixed reviews and was a box office bomb , earning about $ 15 million against a $ 39 million budget .
Sergei Pavlovich Korolev ( Russian : Серге́й Па́влович Королёв ; ] , Ukrainian : Сергі́й Па́влович Корольóв , "Serhii Pavlovych Korolov "; ] ) , also transliterated as Sergey Pavlovich Korolyov ; 12 January [ O.S . 30 December 1906 ] 1907 – 14 January 1966 ) worked as the lead Soviet rocket engineer and spacecraft designer during the Space Race between the United States and the Soviet Union in the 1950s and 1960s . He is considered by many as the father of practical astronautics . He was involved in the development of the R-7 Booster Rocket , Sputnik , and launching Laika and the first human being into space . Karel Jan Bossart ( February 9 , 1904 – August 3 , 1975 ) was a pioneering rocket designer and creator of the Atlas ICBM . His achievements rank alongside those of Wernher von Braun and Sergei Korolev but as most of his work was for the United States Air Force and therefore was classified he remains relatively little known .
Agrostemma is a genus of annual plants in the Caryophyllaceae family , containing the species known as corncockles . Its best-known member is "A. githago" , the common corncockle , which is a native of Europe where it is simply called "the corncockle" . The species is a weed of cereals and other crops , probably with a centre of origin in the eastern Mediterranean . Nowadays declining in its native range because of improved seed cleaning , it is found as a weed worldwide. "Agrostemma gracile" , the slender corncockle , is only found in central Greece near the city of Farsala . Corncockle is an attractive plant , and its seeds are still commercially available to gardeners . Hymenosporum flavum , or native frangipani , is a rainforest tree which is native to Queensland and New South Wales in Australia and New Guinea . It is the sole species within the genus Hymenosporum , and is closely related to the widespread genus Pittosporum .
McCollough was born in Chicago and grew up in Columbia , SC . McCollough received his Bachelor of Arts in Sociology from the University of South Carolina and a Masters of Education from Georgia Southern University . Georgia Southern University ( GSU ) is a co-educational , research-oriented , public university with the main campus located in Statesboro , Georgia , US . Founded in 1906 as a land grant college , it 's part of the University System of Georgia and is the largest center of higher education inside the southern half of Georgia . It offers over 140 different academic majors in a comprehensive array of baccalaureate degrees , as well as master and doctorate programs . The university is one of the biggest within the University System of Georgia , with a current enrollment of more than 20,000 students from all states and approximately 85 nations . Georgia Southern is classified as a Doctoral and Research Institution by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , and as a comprehensive university by the University System of Georgia .
Okyeame was a literary magazine founded by the Ghana Society of Writers in the post-Independence era , which saw the rapid rise of a new generation of thinkers , writers and poets in the country . The first issue of "Okyeame" appeared in 1960 , and issues were published , at irregular intervals , up until 1972 . Inspired by Kwame Nkrumah , the first Prime Minister of Ghana , the publication sought to explore the experiences of Africa from a new intellectual framework . Writers published in the magazine included its first editor Kofi Awoonor , Efua Sutherland ( later also editor ) , Ayi Kwei Armah and Ama Ata Aidoo . Kwame Nkrumah PC ( 21 September 1909 – 27 April 1972 ) was the first prime minister and president of Ghana , having led it to independence from Britain in 1957 . An influential advocate of Pan-Africanism , Nkrumah was a founding member of the Organization of African Unity and winner of the Lenin Peace Prize in 1962 .
"Two Is Better Than One" is a song by the American rock band Boys Like Girls from their second studio album "Love Drunk" ( 2009 ) and this song features American singer Taylor Swift . It was written by Martin Johnson and Swift and the song is the band 's second official single from the album . On some advanced copies of the album sent to reviewers and members of the press , the song does not feature Swift , rather , Johnson handles all vocals . Love Drunk is the second studio album recorded by rock/pop band Boys Like Girls . The album was recorded half in New York City and Vancouver because there are "two different producers/production teams , two different environments , and two different styles of inspiration" , stated by the band 's frontman , Martin Johnson . The album peaked at # 8 on "Billboard" 200 , making it the biggest hit for the band . Its lead single , titled "Love Drunk" was released on July 7 , 2009 shortly followed by "She 's Got a Boyfriend Now" , "Two Is Better Than One" ( featuring Taylor Swift ) and "Heart Heart Heartbreak" .
In September , The Fader published an interview with CupcakKe , which she discussed her new album that would address "rape , and everything else" . The Fader ( stylized as The FADER ) is a New York City-based music magazine launched in 1999 by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen , covering music , style and culture . It was the first print publication to be released on iTunes .
Black ( Bengali : ব্ল্যাক ) is a Bangladeshi rock band , formed in Dhaka , Bangladesh . The Maine is an American rock band from Tempe , Arizona , formed in 2007 . Their first release , the EP "Stay Up , Get Down" was released in late 2007 , followed by a five-song EP titled "The Way We Talk" on December 11 , 2007 . The band 's first full-length album , "Ca n't Stop Wo n't Stop" was released July 8 , 2008. "... And a Happy New Year" was released in December 2008 . Their second full-length album , "Black & White" , ( July 13 , 2010 ) sold 22,634 copies in its first week . On December 6 , 2011 , the group 's third album , "Pioneer" , was released and it peaked at No . 90 on the Billboard 200 . Their fourth full-length record "Forever Halloween" ( June 4 , 2013 ) reached No . 39 on the Billboard 200 by selling over 10,000 copies in its first week and was followed by its deluxe edition on June 17 , 2014 . Their fifth studio album , "American Candy" , was released on March 31 , 2015. "Lovely Little Lonely" , their sixth full-length record , was released on April 7 , 2017 .
Charles Talbot , 1st Duke of Shrewsbury , KG , PC ( 24 July 1660 – 1 February 1718 ) was an English politician who was part of the 'Immortal Seven ' group that invited William III , Prince of Orange to depose James II of England as monarch during the Glorious Revolution . He was appointed to several minor roles before the revolution , but came to prominence as a member of William 's government . Heythrop Park is a Grade II * listed early 18th-century country house 1 mi southeast of Heythrop in Oxfordshire . It was designed by the architect Thomas Archer in the Baroque style for Charles Talbot , 1st Duke of Shrewsbury . A fire in 1831 destroyed the original interior . From 1922 until 1999 Heythrop housed first a Jesuit tertiary education college , and later a training establishment . The house is now the main building of the Heythrop Park Hotel , Golf & Country Club .
Mediapart is a French online investigative and opinion journal created in 2008 by Edwy Plenel , the former editor-in-chief of "Le Monde" . "Mediapart" is published in French , English and Spanish . Michel Feher ( born 1956 ) is a French philosopher and cultural theorist . He is a founding editor of Zone Books . Feher is also co-founder and president of Cette France-là , Paris , a monitoring group on French immigration policy . He writes for a number of outlets and has a semi-regular blog with the French journal Mediapart . Feher has held the positions of Professor and Visiting Lecturer at various universities , including École Nationale Supérieure in Paris , the University of California , Berkeley , and most recently , Goldsmiths , University of London ( 2013-2015 ) .
The 63d Fighter Squadron is an active United States Air Force unit , assigned to the 56th Operations Group , at Luke Air Force Base , Arizona . It operates the F-35A aircraft , conducting advanced fighter training since its reactivation in 2016 . Luke Air Force Base ( IATA : LUF , ICAO : KLUF , FAA LID : LUF ) is a United States Air Force base located seven miles ( 11 km ) west of the central business district of Glendale , in Maricopa County , Arizona , United States . It is also about 15 mi west of Phoenix , Arizona .
Drew William Barry ( born February 17 , 1973 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He is the son of Basketball Hall of Famer Rick Barry and has three brothers : Scooter , Jon and Brent , who also share his profession . His grandfather Bruce Hale also played in the NBA and was Rick 's college coach at Miami of Florida . His stepmother is Lynn Barry . Brent Robert Barry ( born December 31 , 1971 ) is an American retired professional basketball player . He is the son of former NBA player Rick Barry . The 6 ft , 210 lb shooting guard played professionally in the National Basketball Association , winning two championships with the San Antonio Spurs . He also won the 1996 NBA Slam Dunk Contest .
"Blue ( Da Ba Dee )" is a song by the Italian music group Eiffel 65 . It was released on 15 January 1999 as the lead single from their debut album "Europop" . The song is the group 's most popular single , reaching number one in many countries such as Ireland , the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , France , Sweden , Switzerland , New Zealand , Finland , Norway , Australia , and Germany , as well as reaching number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States . In the United Kingdom , the song originally entered the top 40 purely on import sales . It was only the third single to do this . Eiffel 65 is an Italian musical group consisting of Jeffrey Jey , Maurizio Lobina and Gabry Ponte . They are known mainly for their high-charting singles , "Blue ( Da Ba Dee )" and "Move Your Body" , and their 1999 studio album "Europop" . Their next two albums , "Contact ! "( 2001 ) and their 2003 self-titled album , did not have much international success but still managed to chart in Italy .
Hollywood is a city in Broward County , Florida , located between Fort Lauderdale and Miami . The average temperature is between 68 and 83°F . As of July 1 , 2015 Hollywood has a population of 149,728 . Founded in 1925 , the city grew rapidly in the 1950s and 1960s , and is now the twelfth-largest city in Florida . Hollywood is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area , which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census . The Primetime Race Group is a privateer motorsport team from Hollywood , Florida which currently competes in the American Le Mans Series ( ALMS ) and the International Motor Sports Association ( IMSA ) Lites Series , a support series of the ALMS .
Shadows in Flight is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card . When released in 2012 , it became the tenth novel published in the "Ender 's Game" series . The story follows on from where the original four "Shadow series" books left off . It is about Bean and his children discovering an ancient Formic "ark" during their journey in space . A sample chapter was released on November 28 , 2011 . The hardcover version was released on January 17 , 2012 , and the paperback was released on January 29 , 2013 . It was nominated for the Goodreads Choice Award for science fiction . The Ender 's Game" series ( often referred to as the Ender" saga and also the Enderverse ) is a series of science fiction books by Orson Scott Card . The series started with the novelette "Ender 's Game" , which was later expanded into the novel of the same title . It currently consists of fifteen novels , thirteen short stories , 47 comic issues , an audioplay , and a film . The first two novels in the series , "Ender 's Game" and "Speaker for the Dead" , each won both the Hugo and Nebula Awards , and were among the most influential science fiction novels of the 1980s .
Katsuaki Susa ( 須佐 勝明 , Susa Katsuaki , born September 13 , 1984 in Aizuwakamatsu , Fukushima ) is a Japanese boxer who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the flyweight division ( – 52 kg ) . He is an alumnus of the Toyo University , and is Second lieutenant in the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force . The boxing tournaments at the 2012 Olympic Games in London were held from 28 July to 12 August at the ExCeL Exhibition Centre .
The Delhi Sultanate was a Muslim sultanate based mostly in Delhi that stretched over large parts of the Indian subcontinent for 320 years ( 1206–1526 ) . Five dynasties ruled over the Delhi Sultanate sequentially : the Mamluk dynasty ( 1206–90 ) , the Khalji dynasty ( 1290–1320 ) , the Tughlaq dynasty ( 1320–1414 ) , the Sayyid dynasty ( 1414–51 ) , and the Lodi dynasty ( 1451–1526 ) . Three dynasties ( Mamluk , Khalji and Sayyid ) were of Turkic origin , one dynasty ( Tughlaq ) was of Turko-Indian origin , and the last dynasty ( Lodi ) was of Pashtun origin . The sultanate is noted for being one of the few states to repel an attack by the Mongol Empire , and enthroned one of the few female rulers in Islamic history , Razia Sultana , who reigned from 1236 to 1240 . Halebeedu ( literally "old capital" ) is a town located in Hassan District , Karnataka , India . Halebidu ( which used to be called Dorasamudra or Dwarasamudra ) was the regal capital of the Hoysala Empire in the 12th century . It is home to some of the best examples of Hoysala architecture . Most notable are the ornate Hoysaleshwara and Kedareshwara temples . The city got the name "Halebidu" because it was damaged and deserted into "old capital" after being ransacked and looted twice by north Indian Muslim armies of the Delhi Sultanate in the 14th-century .
Olathe East High School is a public high school located in Olathe , Kansas , United States , serving students in grades 9-12 . Olathe East is the largest of four public high schools in Olathe . Olathe East is a member of the Kansas State High School Activities Association and offers a variety of sports programs . Athletic teams compete in the 6A division and are known as the "Hawks" . Extracurricular activities are also offered in the form of performing arts , school publications , and clubs . The school colors are orange and navy blue , and the school 's mascot is the Hawk . Olathe East was recognized as a National School of Excellence in 1998 by the U.S. Department of Education . Tyler Kalinoski ( born December 19 , 1992 ) is an American basketball player for Antwerp Giants in the Belgian League . Kalinoski was a McDonald ’ s All-American nominee as a senior at Olathe East High School in Kansas and completed his college career for the Davidson Wildcats . He was named Atlantic 10 Conference Men 's Basketball Player of the Year in 2015 .
Walkley Heights is a suburb of Adelaide , South Australia . The suburb is located on land formerly comprising the prison farm for Yatala Labour Prison , and includes fifty-five hectares of land formerly owned by R. M. Williams which was compulsorily acquired during the time of former State Premier Sir Thomas Playford . The suburb ( and one adjacent main road ) is named after John Walkley , an early pioneer in South Australia Yatala Labour Prison is a high-security men 's prison located in the north-eastern part of the northern suburb Northfield in Adelaide , South Australia , Australia . It was built in 1854 to enable prisoners to work at the creek , quarrying rock for roads and construction . Originally known as "The Stockade" it acquired its current name from a local Aboriginal word .
The national flag of Ireland ( Irish : "bratach na hÉireann" ) – frequently referred to as the Irish tricolour ( "trídhathach na hÉireann" ) – is the national flag and ensign of the Republic of Ireland . The flag itself is a vertical tricolour of green ( at the hoist ) , white and orange . A tricolour or tricolor is a type of flag or banner design with a triband design which originated in the 16th century as a symbol of republicanism , liberty or indeed revolution . The flags of France , Italy , Romania , Mexico , and Ireland were all first adopted with the formation of an independent republic in the period of the French Revolution to the Revolutions of 1848 , with the exception of the Irish tricolour , which dates from 1848 but was not popularised until the Easter Rising in 1916 and adopted in 1919 .
Cameron Arthur "Cam" Clarke ( born November 6 , 1957 ) is an American voice actor and singer , known for his voice-work in animation and video games . He is best known for providing the voices of Leonardo and Rocksteady in the original "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" animated series and Shotaro Kaneda in the 1989 original English dub of "Akira" . He often voices teenagers and other similarly young characters . One of his prominent roles in video games was voicing Liquid Snake in the "Metal Gear" series . Akira is a 1988 Japanese adult animated science fiction film directed by Katsuhiro Otomo , produced by Ryōhei Suzuki and Shunzō Katō , and written by Otomo and Izo Hashimoto , based on Otomo 's manga of the same name .
Wilmslow High School is a mixed-sex 11–18 comprehensive secondary school in Wilmslow , Cheshire , and a designated Centre of Excellence . The school began in 1960 as a grammar school and gradually became a comprehensive school , becoming Wilmslow High School in 1991 . Dr. James Pullé is the head teacher . The school is designated "good" by Ofsted . < ref name=" 11/13 Ofsted Report" > Ofsted report < /ref > Wilmslow Show is held at Wilmslow High School , Wilmslow , Cheshire , England , as a one-day event on a Sunday – usually the second Sunday in July . Sections include Horticulture , Dogs , Classic Cars , etc .
Fidenza is a town and "comune "in the province of Parma , Emilia-Romagna region , Italy . It has around 24,000 inhabitants . The town was renamed Fidenza in 1927 , recalling its Roman name of "Fidentia" ; before , it was called Borgo San Donnino . Fontevivo Abbey ( Italian : "Abbazia di Fontevivo" ; Latin : "Fons Vivus" ) is a former Cistercian monastery in Fontevivo , Province of Parma , Emilia-Romagna , Italy , about 15 kilometres west of Parma on the Via Emilia towards Fidenza .
The Happiest Millionaire is a 1967 musical film starring Fred MacMurray and based upon the true story of Philadelphia millionaire Anthony J. Drexel Biddle . The film received an Academy Award nomination for Costume Design by Bill Thomas . The musical song score is by Robert and Richard Sherman . The screenplay is by AJ Carothers based on the play that was based on the book "My Philadelphia Father" by Cordelia Drexel Biddle . This was the last film with personal involvement from Walt Disney , who died during its production . Mars Needs Moms is a 2011 American computer-animated film based on the Berkeley Breathed book of the same title . The film is centered on Milo , a nine-year-old boy who finally comes to understand the importance of family , and has to rescue his mother after she is abducted by Martians . It was co-written and directed by Simon Wells . It was released to theaters on March 11 , 2011 by Walt Disney Pictures . The film stars both Seth Green ( motion capture ) and newcomer Seth Dusky ( voice ) as Milo . This was the last film by ImageMovers Digital before it was absorbed back into ImageMovers . The film grossed $ 39 million worldwide on a $ 150 million budget .
The Lykan Hypersport is a Lebanese limited production supercar built by W Motors , a United Arab Emirates based company , founded in 2012 in Lebanon with the collaboration of Lebanese , French and Italian engineers . It is the first supercar to be produced in the Middle East , and is featured in the film "Furious 7" , and the video games "Project CARS" , "Driveclub" , "" , "Asphalt Nitro" , "Forza Motorsport 6" , "and ", "Forza Horizon 3" , "CSR Racing" and "CSR Racing 2" . The Lykan can also be briefly seen in the second "Fate of the Furious" trailer , however , the Lykan does not make an appearance , the footage is from the seventh movie , "Fast and Furious 7" . It is the first car to be designed and produced indigenously in the Arab World . The Fate of the Furious ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 8 and Fast 8 , and often stylized as F8 ) is a 2017 American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan . It is the eighth installment in "The Fast and the Furious" franchise . The film stars Vin Diesel , Dwayne Johnson , Jason Statham , Michelle Rodriguez , Tyrese Gibson , Chris "Ludacris" Bridges , Scott Eastwood , Nathalie Emmanuel , Elsa Pataky , Kurt Russell and Charlize Theron . "The Fate of the Furious" follows Dominic Toretto ( Diesel ) , who has settled down with his wife Letty ( Rodriguez ) , until cyberterrorist Cipher ( Theron ) coerces him into working for her and turns him against his team , forcing them to find Dom and take down Cipher .
Playford B Power Station was located at Port Paterson in the Australian state of South Australia about 5.5 km south of the city centre of Port Augusta . It was coal powered with four 60 MW steam turbines that generate a total of 240 MW of electricity . Playford B received coal by rail from the Leigh Creek Coal Mine , 280 km to the north and draws cooling water from Spencer Gulf , returning it to the sea at an elevated temperature . Commissioned in 1963 , it was co-located with the larger , newer Northern Power Station . Playford B was mothballed in 2012 and its permanent closure was announced by operator Alinta Energy in October 2015 . Prior to being mothballed it primarily operated in the summer , when electricity demand peaks . Alinta Energy is an Australian generation , electricity and gas retailing private company that is owned by Hong Kong-based Chow Tai Fook Enterprises . Alinta Energy has an owned and contracted generation portfolio of up to 1,957 MW , approximately 800,000 combined electricity and gas retail customers and around 450 employees across Australia and New Zealand .
Ricard Rubio i Vives ( born October 21 , 1990 ) is a Spanish professional basketball player for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Rubio became the youngest player ever to play in the Spanish ACB League on October 15 , 2005 , at age 14 . He made his EuroLeague debut on October 24 , 2006 , at age 16 , becoming the first player born in the 1990s to play in a EuroLeague game . He is the fifth-youngest player to make their debut in the EuroLeague . On June 25 , 2009 , he was drafted with the fifth pick in the first round of the 2009 NBA draft by the Timberwolves , making him the first player born in the 1990s to be drafted by the NBA . The Timberwolves had an agreement in principle with his former Spanish team , DKV Joventut , to buy out his contract , but Rubio backed out of the deal . On August 31 , 2009 , Joventut traded the rights to Rubio to FC Barcelona , and Rubio signed a six-year contract with FC Barcelona the following day . In 2011 , Rubio joined the Minnesota Timberwolves , and spent six seasons in Minnesota before being traded to the Jazz in June 2017 . The 2011–12 Minnesota Timberwolves season was the 23rd season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . In their first season with head coach Rick Adelman , the team finished the lockout-shortened season with a 26–40 record , nine wins above their previous season and finished in 12th place in the Western Conference . This season saw the debut of 2009 draftee Ricky Rubio , who was a contender for the Rookie of the Year Award until he tore his ACL and his lateral collateral ligament after colliding into Kobe Bryant during a game against the Los Angeles Lakers and was out for the rest of the season . Following the season , Brad Miller retired .
Out Traveler is a gay and lesbian travel magazine from the publishers of "Out" and "The Advocate" , combining photography with coverage of LGBT travel topics . Published as a stand-alone title from 2003 to 2008 , it was subsequently incorporated as a supplement to "Out" magazine and is no longer available for subscriptions as a stand-alone title . Reader 's Digest is an American general-interest family magazine , published ten times a year . Formerly based in Chappaqua , New York , it is now headquartered in Midtown Manhattan . The magazine was founded in 1920 , by DeWitt Wallace and Lila Bell Wallace . For many years , "Reader 's Digest" was the best-selling consumer magazine in the United States ; it lost the distinction in 2009 to "Better Homes and Gardens" . According to Mediamark Research ( 2006 ) , "Reader 's Digest" reaches more readers with household incomes of $ 100,000+ than "Fortune" , "The Wall Street Journal" , "Business Week" , and "Inc." combined .
Go-Op ( full name Go ! Cooperative Ltd ) , is an open access train operating company which is currently proposing to operate a service between Taunton and Swindon , via Westbury . It aims to become the first cooperatively owned train operating company in the United Kingdom , to improve access to the public transport infrastructure through open access rail services linking main lines to smaller market towns , and co-ordinating services with light rail and bus links and car pools . Go-Op intended to begin operating rail services in the spring of 2014 , however difficulties in obtaining rolling stock and severe financial difficulties incurred by their main partner The Co-operative Bank have delayed these plans . The Co-operative Bank plc is a retail and commercial bank in the United Kingdom , with its headquarters in Balloon Street , Manchester .
Plasma ( from Ancient Greek πλάσμα , meaning "moldable substance" or "jelly" ) can simply be considered as a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged positive ions , however , true plasma production is from the distinct separation of these ions and electrons that produces an electric field , which in turn , produces electric currents and magnetic fields . Plasma is one of the four fundamental states of matter and was first introduced by chemist Irving Langmuir in the 1920s . Unlike , the other three states of solid , liquid , and gas , plasma does not freely exist on the Earth . Plasma can be generated by heating neutral gases or by subjecting gas to a strong electromagnetic field . When discussing weapons in science fiction , a plasma weapon is a type of raygun that fires a stream , bolt ( s ) , pulse or toroid of plasma ( i.e . very hot , very energetic excited matter ) . The primary damage mechanism of these fictional weapons is usually thermal transfer ; it typically causes serious burns , and often immediate death of living creatures , and melts or evaporates other materials . In certain fiction , plasma weapons may also have a significant kinetic energy component , that is to say the ionized material is projected with sufficient momentum to cause some secondary impact damage in addition to causing high thermal damage . In some fictions , like Star Wars , plasma is highly effective against mechanical targets such as droids . The ionized gas disrupts their systems .
Waring & Gillow is a noted firm of English furniture manufacturers formed in 1897 by the merger of Gillows of Lancaster and London and Waring of Liverpool . It was dissolved in 1938 . Manny Cussins ( 26 October 1905 – 5 October 1987 ) was a British businessman , who made his fortune in the furniture retail business , becoming chairman of Waring & Gillow . He joined the board of directors at Leeds United F.C . in 1961 , and served as the club 's chairman between 1972 and 1983 . He died on 5 October 1987 , aged 81 .
Telescope Hill , at 334 ft , is the highest point of elevation in the Town of Brookhaven , on Long Island , New York , United States . The hill is located at the end of Tower Hill Ave. , on the border of the ZIP codes of the hamlets of Selden and Farmingville , and west of Bald Hill . Selden is a hamlet ( and census-designated place ) in the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County , New York , United States . The population was 19,851 at the 2010 census .
Michael Polcino is an animation director on "The Simpsons" . His brother , Dominic Polcino , is a former "Simpsons" director and currently works on "Family Guy" . Family Guy is an American animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company . The series centers on the Griffins , a family consisting of parents Peter and Lois ; their children , Meg , Chris , and Stewie ; and their anthropomorphic pet dog , Brian . The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog , Rhode Island , and exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture .
Lorenzo Monaco ( born Piero di Giovanni ; 1370 – c. 1425 ) was an Italian painter of the late Gothic-early Renaissance age . He was born Piero di Giovanni in Siena . Little is known about his youth , apart from the fact that he was apprenticed in Florence . He was influenced by Giotto and his followers Spinello Aretino and Agnolo Gaddi . Giotto di Bondone ( 1270 – January 8 , 1337 ) , known mononymously as Giotto ( ] ) and latinised as Giottus , was an Italian painter and architect from Florence during the Late Middle Ages . He worked during the "Gothic or Proto-Renaissance" period .
USS "Monitor" was an iron-hulled steamship . Built during the American Civil War , she was the first ironclad warship commissioned by the Union Navy . "Monitor" is most famous for her central role in the Battle of Hampton Roads on 9 March 1862 , where , under the command of Lieutenant John Worden , she fought the casemate ironclad ( built on the hull of the former steam frigate USS "Merrimack" ) to a standstill . The unique design of the ship , distinguished by its revolving turret which was designed by American inventor Theodore Timby , was quickly duplicated and established the monitor type of warship . The Orleans County Monitor was a weekly newspaper published in Barton , Vermont from January 8 , 1872 to 1953 . It was published by Ellery H. Webster in 1872 . An American Civil War veteran , he named it after the USS "Monitor" . George H. Blake published the paper in 1877 . The circulation was 1,400 . Wallace Harry Gilpin owned the paper from 1904 to 1953 .
Mick Chatterton ( born 26 March 1940 ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer . His best season was in 1969 when he finished the year in 16th place in the 250cc world championship . His last TT race was the 2004 lightweight 125 . Grand Prix motorcycle racing refers to the premier class of motorcycle racing events held on road circuits . Independent motorcycle racing events have been held since the start of the twentieth century and large national events were often given the title Grand Prix , The foundation of a recognised international governing body for motorcycle sport , the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme in 1949 provided the opportunity to coordinate rules and regulations in order that selected events could count towards official World Championship 's as FIM Road Racing World Championship Grand Prix . It is the oldest established motorsport world championship .
Keith Rupert Murdoch , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : 'AC KCSG ' , ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( ; born 11 March 1931 ) is an Australian-born American media mogul . His father , Sir Keith Murdoch , had been a reporter , editor , and senior executive of the "Herald" and "Weekly Times" newspaper publishing company , covering all Australian states except New South Wales . After his father 's death in 1952 , Murdoch declined to join his late father 's registered public company and created his own private company , News Limited . Murdoch thus had full control as Chairman and CEO of global media holding company News Corporation , now the world 's second-largest media conglomerate , and its successors , News Corp and 21st Century Fox , after the conglomerate split on 28 June 2013 . Paul Cheesbrough is a British Media Executive and is Chief Technology Officer of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . He has responsibility for all the Technology in the company and also focussed on the separation of News Corporation into two separate businesses in 2013 and works for Robert Thomson after initially working directly for Murdoch . [ 1 ]
Daniil Borisovich Shafran ( Russian : Даниил Борисович Шафран , January 13 , 1923February 7 , 1997 ) was a Soviet Russian cellist . Anton Ginsburg ( 18 September 1930 – 19 July 2002 ) was a Russian pianist . He was born in Moscow . A disciple of Heinrich Neuhaus , he graduated from the Moscow Conservatory in 1953 . Four years later he won the Smetana Competition in Prague . Ginsburg has been active as a concert pianist both in the USSR and abroad , but is best remembered for his work as an accompanist with Daniil Shafran .
BBC Focus is a British monthly magazine about science and technology published in Bristol , UK by Immediate Media Company . Under the editorship of Daniel Bennett it covers all aspects of science and technology and is written for general readers as well as people with a knowledge of science . Formerly known as Focus , the magazine was taken over by BBC Magazines in mid-2005 and renamed in "BBC Focus" . There are also regular science celebrity features and interviews . Piers Bizony is a science journalist , space historian , author , and exhibition organiser . Bizony specialises in the topics of outer space , special effects , and technology . He has written articles for "The Independent" , "BBC Focus" and "Wired" . His 1997 book "The Rivers of Mars" was shortlisted for the Eugene M. Emme Astronautical Literature Award . His book "2001 : Filming the Future" ( 1994 , revised 2000 , expanded 2014 ) is an authoritative reference about Stanley Kubrick 's film "" .
Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn , based on her 2012 novel of the same name . The film stars Ben Affleck , Rosamund Pike , Neil Patrick Harris , and Tyler Perry . Set in Missouri , the story begins as a mystery that follows the events surrounding Nick Dunne ( Affleck ) , who becomes the primary suspect in the sudden disappearance of his wife , Amy ( Pike ) . Carrie Alexandra Coon ( born January 24 , 1981 ) is an American actress . On stage , Coon was nominated for a Tony Award for her performance in the 2012 revival of "Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? ". In film , she starred as Margo Dunne in the 2014 thriller film "Gone Girl" . From 2014 to 2017 , she starred as Nora Durst in the HBO drama series "The Leftovers" , for which she received widespread critical acclaim , winning a Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Drama Series . Coon also won for the TCA Award for Individual Achievement in Drama , for "The Leftovers" and for her lead role as Gloria Burgle in the third season of the FX anthology series "Fargo" , along with a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie for "Fargo" .
Anthony McPartlin , OBE ( born 18 November 1975 ) and Declan Donnelly , OBE ( born 25 September 1975 ) , known collectively as Ant & Dec , are an English comedy TV presenting , television producing , acting and former music duo from Newcastle upon Tyne , England . Alien Autopsy is a 2006 British comedy film with elements of science fiction , directed by Jonny Campbell . Written by William Davies , it relates the events surrounding the famous "alien autopsy" film promoted by Ray Santilli and stars Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly , also known as Ant & Dec . The film was a moderate commercial success domestically , making no . 3 on the British box office chart .
A tobacconist , also called a tobacco shop or smoke shop , is a retailer of tobacco products in various forms and the related accoutrements , such as pipes , lighters , matches , pipe cleaners , pipe tampers . More specialized retailers may sell ashtrays , humidification devices , hygrometers , humidors , cigar cutters , and more . Books and magazines , especially ones related to tobacco are commonly offered . Items irrelevant to tobacco such as puzzles , games , figurines , hip flasks , canes or other walking sticks , and candy are sometimes sold . In the USA , a tobacconist shop is traditionally represented by a wooden Indian positioned nearby . Most retailers of tobacco sell other types of product ; today supermarkets , in many countries with a special counter , are usually the main sellers of the common brands of cigarette . In the United Kingdom , a common combination in small shops has been a newsagent selling newspapers and magazines , as well as confectionery and tobacco . In UK retailing this sector is known as "CONTOB" ( "confectionery and tobacco" ) . The cigar store Indian or wooden Indian is an advertisement figure , in the likeness of a Native American , used to represent tobacconists . The figures are often three-dimensional wooden sculptures several feet tall – up to life-sized . They are still occasionally used for their original advertising purpose , but are more often seen as decorations or advertising collectibles , with some pieces drawing sales prices of up to $ 500,000 . People within the Native American community often view such likenesses as a caricature or as depictions that perpetuate stereotypes , drawing an analogy to the African-American lawn jockey .
The Moonlite BunnyRanch ( often misspelled "Moonlight" , though that is the correct spelling of the road on which it is addressed ) is a legal , licensed brothel in Mound House , Nevada , United States , 6 mi east of Carson City . The ranch is owned and operated by Dennis Hof . The Love Ranch ( previously known as the BunnyRanch Two ) , a separately licensed brothel , is located about a mile south of the Moonlite BunnyRanch , near two other brothels ( the Kit Kat Guest Ranch and the Sagebrush Ranch ) . Dennis Hof ( born October 14 , 1946 ) is an American brothel owner , entrepreneur , restaurateur and star of the HBO series . He is best known as the owner of seven legal brothels in Nevada . In the state of Nevada , prostitution 's legality is determined on a county-by-county basis . Several of his brothels are in Moundhouse , Nevada , a few minutes outside Carson City . His best-known brothel is the Moonlite BunnyRanch .
Tropical Fish Hobbyist Magazine ( abbreviated as "TFH Magazine" ) is a bi-monthly magazine geared to hobbyist keepers of tropical fish , with news and information on a variety of topics including : Care & Maintenance , Aquascaping , Husbandry , Health and Breeding , Species Reports , Aquarium Technology , Aquarium Science , Exploration & Collecting . Curve is a lesbian magazine published in the United States . It covers news , politics , social issues , and includes celebrity interviews and stories on entertainment , pop culture , style , travel , and a website that hosts an internet forum focusing on lesbian issues , active since 2000 .
Polly Carey Draper ( born June 15 , 1955 ) is an American actress , writer , producer , and director . Draper has received several awards , including a Writers Guild of America Award ( WGA ) , and is noted for speaking in a "trademark throaty voice ." She first gained recognition for her role in the ABC primetime television drama "Thirtysomething" ( 1987–91 ) . Mary Collins , PC ( born September 26 , 1940 ) is a former Canadian politician .
The Pennsylvania State University ( commonly referred to as Penn State or PSU ) is a state-related , land-grant , doctoral university with campuses and facilities throughout Pennsylvania . Founded in 1855 , the university has a stated threefold mission of teaching , research , and public service . Its instructional mission includes undergraduate , graduate , professional and continuing education offered through resident instruction and online delivery . Its University Park campus , the flagship campus , lies within the Borough of State College and College Township . It has two law schools , Penn State Law , on the school 's University Park campus , and Dickinson Law , located in Carlisle , 90 miles south of State College . The College of Medicine is located in Hershey . Penn State has another 19 commonwealth campuses and 5 special-mission campuses located across the state . Penn State has been labeled one of the "Public Ivies ," a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League . Queen 's University at Kingston ( commonly shortened to Queen 's University or Queen 's ) is a public research university in Kingston , Ontario , Canada . Founded on 16 October 1841 via a royal charter issued by Queen Victoria , the university predates Canada 's founding by 26 years . Queen 's holds more than 1400 ha of land throughout Ontario and owns Herstmonceux Castle in East Sussex , England . Queen 's is organized into ten undergraduate , graduate and professional faculties and schools .
Judith Weir { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 11 May 1954 ) is a British composer and Master of the Queen 's Music . George Jacob Gershwin ( ; September 26 , 1898 July 11 , 1937 ) was an American composer and pianist . Gershwin 's compositions spanned both popular and classical genres , and his most popular melodies are widely known . Among his best-known works are the orchestral compositions "Rhapsody in Blue" ( 1924 ) and "An American in Paris" ( 1928 ) as well as the opera "Porgy and Bess" ( 1935 ) .
Shienga ( Shinga ) is a village in East Mamprusi district , of the Northern Region of Ghana . It lies at an elevation of 349 meters near the right ( southern ) bank of the White Volta . The East Mamprusi District is one of the twenty ( 20 ) districts in the Northern Region of north Ghana . The capital is Gambaga .
Liu Ailing ( ; born June 2 , 1967 ) is a Chinese former footballer who played for the China national team at the 1991 , 1995 and 1999 editions of the FIFA Women 's World Cup . She won a silver medal at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics and participated at the 2000 Sydney Olympics . A playmaking midfielder , she played professional club football in Japan and the United States . The FIFA Women 's World Cup is an international football competition contested by the senior women 's national teams of the members of "Fédération Internationale de Football Association" ( FIFA ) , the sport 's global governing body . The competition has been held every four years since 1991 , when the inaugural tournament , then called the Women 's World Championship , was held in China .
The Southern State Parkway ( also known as the Southern State or Southern Parkway ) is a 25.53 mi limited-access highway on Long Island , New York , in the United States . The parkway begins at an interchange with the Belt and Cross Island parkways in Elmont , in Nassau County , and travels east to an interchange with the Sagtikos State Parkway in West Islip , Suffolk County , where it becomes the Heckscher State Parkway . The Southern State Parkway comprises the western portion of unsigned New York State Route 908M ( NY 908M ) , with the Heckscher Parkway occupying the eastern section . The Bethpage State Parkway is a 2.49 mi parkway in Nassau County on Long Island , New York , in the United States . It begins at a trumpet interchange with the Southern State Parkway in the village of North Massapequa and serves Boundary Avenue , NY 24 , and Central Avenue before terminating at a traffic circle with Plainview Road and a local park road in Bethpage State Park . The parkway is designated as New York State Route 907E ( NY 907E ) , an unsigned reference route . It is also ceremoniously designated as the Philip B. Healey Memorial Parkway for Assemblyman Philip B. Healey ( 1921–1996 ) .
The Sandy and Beaver Canal ran 73 mi from the Ohio and Erie Canal at Bolivar , Ohio , to the Ohio River at Glasgow , Pennsylvania . It had 90 locks , was chartered in 1828 and completed in 1848 . However , the middle section of the canal had many problems from the beginning and fell into disrepair . The canal ceased to operate in 1852 , when the Cold Run Reservoir Dam outside of Lisbon , Ohio , broke , ruining a large portion of the canal . The Los Angeles Aqueduct system , comprising the Los Angeles Aqueduct ( Owens Valley aqueduct ) and the Second Los Angeles Aqueduct , is a water conveyance system , built and operated by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power . The Owens Valley aqueduct was designed and built by the city 's water department , at the time named The Bureau of Los Angeles Aqueduct , under the supervision of the department 's Chief Engineer William Mulholland . The system delivers water from the Owens River in the Eastern Sierra Nevada Mountains to Los Angeles , California . In 1971 it was recognized by the American Society of Civil Engineers on the List of Historic Civil Engineering Landmarks .
Masayoshi "Masa" Takayama ( 高山 雅氏 , Takayama Masayoshi ) ( born 1 May 1954 in Kuroiso , Tochigi , Japan ) is the chef and owner of Masa , a three-Michelin-starred Japanese and sushi restaurant in Manhattan , New York City . He is also owner of Bar Masa , with two locations : one adjacent to his New York City restaurant , and one in the Aria Resort & Casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . Tetsu is a modern Japanese restaurant located in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York City . Conceived by Michelin-starred chef Masa Takayama , Tetsu serves a Yakitori-based menu with an emphasis upon grilled fare . Similar to Takayama ’ s other restaurant ventures , Tetsu features both a la carte and Omakase menus . The restaurant will feature two floors , with a casual ground floor space featuring cocktails and small plates , and a cellar space which will feature a twenty-course tasting menu .
Donald Parks Baker is the former Richmond bureau chief of The Washington Post between 1985 and 1999 . Before joining The Washington Post in 1970 , he was with The Indianapolis Times and the Cleveland Press . He is also known for his documentary role in A Perfect Candidate as the watchdog reporter who digs into the campaign of then United States Senate candidate , Oliver North . Oliver Laurence North ( born October 7 , 1943 ) is an American political commentator and television host , military historian , "New York Times" best-selling author , and former United States Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel . He was convicted in the Iran-Contra affair of the late 1980s but his convictions were vacated and reversed , and all charges against him dismissed in 1991 .
Vilnius Airport ( IATA : VNO , ICAO : EYVI ) ( Lithuanian : "Vilniaus oro uostas" ) is the international airport of Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania . It is located 5.9 km south of the city . It is the largest of the four commercial airports in Lithuania by passenger traffic . Today , Vilnius Airport is one of the fastest-growing airports in Europe . With one runway and about 3.8 million passengers a year , Vilnius International Airport serves as a base for Ryanair , Wizz Air and Small Planet Airlines . Air Lituanica was a Lithuanian airline headquartered in Vilnius and based at Vilnius Airport . It ceased operations in 2015 ( 2015- ) .
Emilio "El Indio" Fernández ( born Emilio Fernández Romo , ] ; March 26 , 1904 – August 6 , 1986 ) was a Mexican film director , actor and screenwriter . He was one of the most prolific film directors of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema in the 1940s and 1950s . He is best known for his work as director of the film "Maria Candelaria" ( 1944 ) , which won the Palme d'Or award at the 1946 Cannes Film Festival . As an actor , he worked in numerous film productions in Mexico and in Hollywood . Victor Ronald Salva ( born March 29 , 1958 ) is an American film director and screenwriter . He directed the films "Powder" ( 1995 ) and "Jeepers Creepers" ( 2001 ) . The latter of these has been expanded into a franchise with two sequels that he has also directed .
Tomasz Adamek ( ] ; born 1 December 1976 ) is a Polish professional boxer . He is a former two-weight world champion , having held the WBC light heavyweight title from 2005 to 2007 ; and the unified IBF , "Ring" magazine , and lineal cruiserweight titles from 2008 to 2009 . Additionally he has challenged once for the WBC heavyweight title in 2011 . Adamek is the first Polish winner of both the "Muhammad Ali Giant Athlete Award" , and the first Polish boxer to win a "Ring" title . Ziggy Rozalski ( born 1958 ) is a Polish American boxing manager and promoter . He represents Polish boxers Andrzej Gołota and Tomasz Adamek .
The Florida Panthers are a professional ice hockey team based in the Miami metropolitan area . They are members of the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) . It was founded in 1993 as an expansion team . They play home games at the BB & T Center in Sunrise , Florida ; the Panthers are the southernmost team in the NHL . Wojciech "Wojtek" Wolski ( ] ; born February 24 , 1986 ) is a Polish-Canadian professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for HC Kunlun Red Star of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) . In the NHL , he has played for the Colorado Avalanche , Phoenix Coyotes , New York Rangers , Florida Panthers , and the Washington Capitals . During the 2012 NHL lockout , he played for Ciarko PBS Bank KH Sanok in the PHL , the top-tier hockey league in Poland . While he holds dual citizenship , Wolski is a product of the Canadian training system and is currently ineligible to represent Poland internationally .
US Airways Flight 1549 was an Airbus A320-214 which , three minutes after takeoff from New York City 's LaGuardia Airport on January 15 , 2009 , struck a flock of Canada geese just northeast of the George Washington Bridge and consequently lost all engine power . Unable to reach any airport , pilots Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Skiles glided the plane to a ditching in the Hudson River off Midtown Manhattan . All 155 people aboard were rescued by nearby boats and there were few serious injuries . Chesley Burnett "Sully" Sullenberger III ( born 1951 ) is an American retired airline captain celebrated for the January 15 , 2009 water landing of US Airways Flight 1549 in the Hudson River off Manhattan after the plane was disabled by striking a flock of Canada geese immediately after takeoff ; all 155 people aboard survived . Sullenberger is an international speaker on airline safety and has helped develop new protocols for airline safety . He served as the co-chairman , along with First Officer Jeffrey Skiles , of the EAA 's Young Eagles youth introduction-to-aviation program from 2009 to 2013 . He retired from US Airways after 30 years as a commercial pilot on March 3 , 2010 . In May of the following year , Sullenberger was hired by CBS News as an Aviation and Safety Expert .
In 2001 , Associazione Sportiva Roma took its third league title ( after 1942 and 1983 ) , winning Serie A only a year after rivals Lazio . Important signings were the Argentines Walter Samuel , a defender , and Gabriel Batistuta , a top striker . Fabio Capello 's line-up also included Cafu , Vincent Candela , Emerson , Vincenzo Montella and captain Francesco Totti . Walter Adrián Luján Samuel ( ] ; born Walter Adrián Luján ; 23 March 1978 ) is a retired Argentine professional footballer . Gifted with natural power and good defensive skills , Samuel has been regarded as one of the best centre-backs of his generation , and as one of football 's toughest defenders , with former international teammate and Inter captain Javier Zanetti referring to him as the "hardest player" he has played with .
American Wrestler : The Wizard is a 2016 sports biographical film set in the world of competitive high school wrestling , and starring William Fichtner , Jon Voight , Ali Afshar , Gabriel Basso , Kevin G. Schmidt , Lia Marie Johnson and George Kosturos . In 1980 , 17-year-old Ali Jahani escapes Iran after the Iran hostage crisis and must adjust to life in a small California town only to face more hostility in America due to the hostage crisis . Wanting to fit in , Ali joins the school 's wrestling team and becomes the squad 's star member . Ali faces a mountain of adversity everywhere he turns , but through determination and with a chance to change how others see him , Ali must step up and learn to be a hero against all odds . Lia Marie Johnson ( born November 23 , 1996 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress and Internet personality notable for appearing in various web series , including the Emmy-winning web series "Kids React" created by the Fine Brothers , and for her own vlogging and social media output . She is known for her starring role in the Nickelodeon movie "Terry the Tomboy" and for recurring roles in AwesomenessTV 's Side Effects TV Series and My Music . In 2012 her personal YouTube channel , "Lia Marie Johnson" , was reported to have received 16 million views . As of 2017 , Lia 's YouTube channel is reported to have surpassed 117 million views and currently maintains over 1.7 million subscribers , while her Instagram account was followed by 2.3 million followers . In a 2014 "Adweek" profile she was referred to as one of "10 of the biggest young stars on YouTube" . In 2015 she was named one of the Top 100 YouTubers in the world .
Hans Wilhelm Schlegel ( Überlingen , 3 August 1951 ) is a German physicist , an ESA astronaut , and a veteran of two NASA Space Shuttle missions . Dirk Dries David Damiaan , Viscount Frimout ( born 21 March 1941 in Poperinge , Belgium ) is an astrophysicist for the European Space Agency . He flew aboard NASA Space Shuttle mision STS-45 as a payload specialist , making him the first Belgian in space .
The Ninety-third United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government , composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives . It met in Washington , DC from January 3 , 1973 , to January 3 , 1975 , during the end of Richard Nixon 's presidency , and the beginning of Gerald Ford 's . This Congress was the first ( and , to date , only ) Congress with more than two Senate Presidents ( the Vice President of the United States ) , in this case , three . After the resignation of Spiro Agnew , Gerald Ford was appointed under the authority of the newly ratified 25th Amendment . Ford became President the next year and Nelson Rockefeller was appointed in his place . The apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives was based on the Nineteenth Census of the United States in 1970 . Both chambers had a Democratic majority . Spiro Theodore "Ted" Agnew ( ; November 9 , 1918 – September 17 , 1996 ) was the 39th Vice President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1973 . He was the second – and most recent – vice president to resign the office , though unlike John C. Calhoun in 1832 , Agnew left office in disgrace .
"Bart Sells His Soul" is the fourth episode of "The Simpsons" < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > seventh season . It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 8 , 1995 . In the episode , while being punished for playing a prank at church , Bart declares that there is no such thing as a soul and to prove it he sells his to Milhouse for $ 5 in the form of a piece of paper with "Bart Simpson 's soul" written on it . Lisa warns that Bart will regret this decision , and Bart soon experiences strange changes in his life . Thinking he has really lost his soul , he becomes desperate to get it back . Lisa eventually obtains it and returns it to a relieved Bart . Religion is one of many recurring themes on the American animated television series "The Simpsons" . Much of the series ' religious humor satirizes aspects of Christianity and religion in general . However , some episodes , such as "Bart Sells His Soul" and "Alone Again , Natura-Diddily" , can be interpreted as having a spiritual theme . The show has been both praised and criticized by atheists , agnostics , liberals , conservatives and religious people in general for its portrayal of faith and religion in society . The show can function as a mediator of biblical literacy among younger generations of irreligious viewers .
Justin Brown ( born March 10 , 1991 ) is a wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . Before his 2013 draft selection by the Pittsburgh Steelers , he played college football at Oklahoma for his senior season after transferring from Penn State . After being drafted , Brown was on the Steelers practice squad for his rookie season . He played eight games during the 2014 season for a total of 12 passes for 94 yards and one lost fumble . Following the 2014 NFL season , Brown was waived by the Steelers . On February 3 , 2015 , the Buffalo Bills claimed Brown off waivers . On August 9 , 2015 , Brown was waived/injured by the Bills . On August 13 , 2015 , he reached an injury settlement with the Bills and was released . The Oklahoma Sooners football program is a college football team that represents the University of Oklahoma ( variously "Oklahoma" or "OU" ) . The team is currently a member of the Big 12 Conference , which is in Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( formerly Division I-A ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) . The program began in 1895 and is one of the most successful programs since World War II with the most wins ( 606 ) and the highest winning percentage ( .762 ) since 1945 . The program has 7 national championships , 45 conference championships , 154 All-Americans ( 76 consensus ) , and five Heisman Trophy winners . In addition , the school has had 23 members ( five coaches and 18 players ) inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame and holds the record for the longest winning streak in Division I history with 47 straight victories , a record that stands to this day . Oklahoma is also the only program that has had four coaches with 100+ wins . They became the sixth NCAA FBS team to win 850 games when they defeated the Kansas Jayhawks on November 22 , 2014 . The Sooners play their home games at Gaylord Family Oklahoma Memorial Stadium in Norman , Oklahoma . Lincoln Riley is currently the team 's head coach .
Skin Yard was an American grunge band from Seattle , Washington , who were active from 1985 to 1993 . The group never gained a mainstream audience , but were an influence on several of their grunge contemporaries , including Soundgarden , Screaming Trees , The Melvins , and Green River . Ostava are an alternative rock band from Bulgaria . They formed in 1991 , but it was not until 2000 that they released a long-playing record ( and subsequently received critical acclaim .
A world war , as it is commonly understood , is a large-scale war involving many of the countries of the world or many of the most powerful and populous ones . World wars span multiple countries on multiple continents , with battles fought in many theaters . While a variety of global conflicts have been subjectively deemed "world wars" , such as the Cold War and the War on Terror , the term is widely and generally accepted only as it is retrospectively applied to two major international conflicts that occurred during the 20th century : World War I ( 1914–1918 ) and World War II ( 1939–1945 ) . The 7.92×57mm Mauser ( designated as the 8mm Mauser or 8×57mm by the SAAMI and 8 × 57 IS by the C.I.P . ) is a rimless bottlenecked rifle cartridge . The 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge was adopted by the German Empire in 1903/1905 , and was the German service cartridge in both World Wars . In its day , the 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge was one of the world ’ s most popular military cartridges . In the 21st century it is still a popular sport and hunting cartridge that is factory-produced in Europe and the United States .
Illinois Institute of Technology , commonly called Illinois Tech or IIT , is a private Ph.D.-granting research university located in Chicago , in the U.S. state of Illinois , with programs in engineering , science , psychology , architecture , business , communications , industrial technology , information technology , design and law . It traces its history to several 19th century engineering and professional education institutions in the United States . Boise State University ( BSU ) is a public college in Boise , Idaho . Founded in 1932 by the Episcopal Church , it became an independent junior college in 1934 , and has been awarding baccalaureate and master 's degrees since 1965 .
The Toxics Release Inventory ( TRI ) is a publicly available database containing information on toxic chemical releases and other waste management activities in the United States . The Pollution Prevention Act of 1990 ( PPA ) in the United States created a national policy to have pollution prevented or reduced at the source wherever possible . It also expanded the Toxics Release Inventory .
The 2004-05 season saw Fútbol Club Barcelona end their six-year wait for the La Liga title , having not won the league or , indeed , any trophy since the 1998–99 season and thus La Liga trophy returned in Barcelona 's trophy room . Having finished second in La Liga the previous season , Barcelona once again competed in the UEFA Champions League as well as the Copa del Rey . The squad was restructured significantly following the retirement of key players Luis Enrique and Marc Overmars , as well as the return of Edgar Davids to Juventus and first team regulars Patrick Kluivert and Phillip Cocu moving onto new clubs . Ronaldinho 's and new signing Samuel Eto ' o 's performances won them places in FIFPro 's XI of 2004–05 . Ronaldinho was later named FIFA World Player of the Year for 2005 for the second time in succession and with the highest points total ever ; Eto ' o came third . This season was also notable for the debut of Lionel Messi . Ronaldo de Assis Moreira ( born 21 March 1980 ) , commonly known as Ronaldinho ( ] ) or Ronaldinho Gaúcho , is a Brazilian professional footballer and ambassador for Spanish club FC Barcelona . He played mostly as an attacking midfielder , but was also deployed as a forward or a winger . He played the bulk of his career at European clubs Paris Saint-Germain , Barcelona and Milan as well as playing for the Brazilian national team . Often considered one of the best players of his generation and regarded by many as one of the greatest of all time , Ronaldinho won two FIFA World Player of the Year awards and a Ballon d'Or . He was renowned for his technical skills and creativity ; due to his agility , pace and
Tolex was filed as a trademark on August 30 , 1945 by the General Tire , and is currently registered as "a plastic sheet and film material for book binding and case covering for speakers and amplifiers ." Tolex was also used in Packard automobiles , hearses , and ambulances—and in marine applications , such as Chris-Craft boats and other watercraft . The General Tire and Rubber Company is an American manufacturer of tires for motor vehicles .
Keith Rupert Murdoch , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : 'AC KCSG ' , ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( ; born 11 March 1931 ) is an Australian-born American media mogul . His father , Sir Keith Murdoch , had been a reporter , editor , and senior executive of the "Herald" and "Weekly Times" newspaper publishing company , covering all Australian states except New South Wales . After his father 's death in 1952 , Murdoch declined to join his late father 's registered public company and created his own private company , News Limited . Murdoch thus had full control as Chairman and CEO of global media holding company News Corporation , now the world 's second-largest media conglomerate , and its successors , News Corp and 21st Century Fox , after the conglomerate split on 28 June 2013 . Paul Cheesbrough is a British Media Executive and is Chief Technology Officer of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . He has responsibility for all the Technology in the company and also focussed on the separation of News Corporation into two separate businesses in 2013 and works for Robert Thomson after initially working directly for Murdoch . [ 1 ]
Papa John 's Pizza is an American restaurant franchise company . It runs the third largest take-out and pizza delivery restaurant chain in the United States , with headquarters in Jeffersontown , Kentucky , a suburb of Louisville . Papa Gino 's , Inc. is a restaurant chain based in Dedham , Massachusetts specializing in American-style pizza along with pasta , subs , salads , and a variety of appetizers . There are over 150 Papa Gino 's locations in Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , and Rhode Island .
Charles Utter Deaton ( January 1 , 1921 – December 18 , 1996 ) was an American architect . He designed several athletic stadiums , and is noted for his futuristic Sculptured House that was featured in the 1973 film "Sleeper" . He is also noted as the designer of Kansas City 's Arrowhead Stadium and Kauffman Stadium . Arrowhead Stadium is a football stadium in Kansas City , Missouri , United States , that primarily serves as the home venue of the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League ( NFL ) . It is part of the Truman Sports Complex with adjacent Kauffman Stadium , the home of the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . Arrowhead has a seating capacity of 76,416 , making it the 28th largest stadium in North America and sixth largest NFL stadium . It is also the largest sports facility by capacity in the state of Missouri . A $ 375 million renovation was completed in 2010 .
On March 27 , 1977 , two Boeing 747 passenger jets , KLM Flight 4805 and Pan Am Flight 1736 , collided on the runway at Los Rodeos Airport ( now Tenerife North Airport ) , on the Spanish island of Tenerife , Canary Islands , killing 583 people in the deadliest accident in aviation history . The Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision occurred on 12 November 1996 over the village of Charkhi Dadri , to the west of New Delhi , India . The aircraft involved were a Saudi Arabian Airlines Boeing 747-100B en route from Delhi to Dhahran , Saudi Arabia , and a Kazakhstan Airlines Ilyushin Il-76 en route from Chimkent , Kazakhstan , to Delhi . The crash killed all 349 people on board both planes , making it the world 's deadliest mid-air collision , the deadliest aviation accident to occur in India , and the third-deadliest aircraft accident in the history of aviation , behind only the Tenerife airport disaster and Japan Airlines Flight 123 .
Å ( lower case : å ) — referred to as a Swedish "a" or volle — represents various ( although often very similar ) sounds in several languages . It is considered a separate letter in the Swedish , Danish , Norwegian , Finnish , North Frisian , Walloon , Chamorro , Lule Sami , Skolt Sami , Southern Sami , and Greenlandic alphabets . Additionally , it is part of the alphabets used for the Alemannic and the Bavarian-Austrian dialects of German . Alemannic ( German : ) is a group of dialects of the Upper German branch of the Germanic language family . The name derives from the ancient Germanic alliance of tribes known as the Alemanni ( "all men" ) .
Stephen Crawford Young ( born 11 December 1956 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish musician , and the rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist for the Australian hard rock band , AC/DC . He officially joined the band in September 2014 , replacing his uncle , Malcolm Young who retired due to dementia . He had previously filled in for Malcolm on AC/DC 's 1988 U.S. tour . Alexander Young ( 28 December 1938 – 4 August 1997 ) , also known as George Alexander , was a Scottish singer , songwriter , saxophonist , bassist , guitarist and session musician . He is an elder brother of George Young , the rhythm guitarist and founding member of the Easybeats , as well as Malcolm and Angus Young , founding members of the Australian hard rock band AC/DC , and the younger brother of Stephen Young , the father of Stevie Young , who was also a member of AC/DC .
Ninja Tune is an English independent record label based in London . It has satellite offices in Los Angeles and Montreal . It was founded by Matt Black and Jonathan More , better known as Coldcut and managed by Peter Quicke and others . The Cinematic Orchestra is a British nu jazz and electronic music group , created in 1999 by Jason Swinscoe . The group is signed to independent record label Ninja Tune . In addition to Swinscoe , the band includes former DJ Food member PC ( Patrick Carpenter ) on turntables , Luke Flowers ( drums ) , Tom Chant ( saxophone ) , Nick Ramm ( piano ) , Stuart McCallum ( guitar ) and Phil France ( double bass ) . Former members include Jamie Coleman ( trumpet ) , T. Daniel Howard ( drums ) , Federico Ughi ( drums ) , Alex James ( piano ) , and Clean Sadness ( synthesizer , programming ) . The most recent addition to the band is Mancunian guitarist Stuart McCallum . Swinscoe and Carpenter have also recorded together under the band name Neptune .
Anneliese Michel ] ( 21 September 1952 – 1 July 1976 ) was a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death . Later investigation determined that she was malnourished and dehydrated ; her parents and the priests responsible were charged with negligent homicide . She was diagnosed with epileptic psychosis ( temporal lobe epilepsy ) and had a history of psychiatric treatment , which was overall not effective . Her condition worsened with her displaying various other symptoms which she took medication for as well . Michel and her family became convinced she was possessed by demons . The case attracted media and public attention because of the priests ' unusual decision to employ a 400-year-old ritual of exorcism . The film "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" is loosely based on her story . Erich Schmidt-Leichner ( 14 October 1910 – 17 March 1983 ) was a German lawyer who made a name as a distinguished defense counsel at the Nuremberg Trials ( 1945 - 1946 ) . In 1978 , he was a defense counsel in the "Klingenberg Case" ( Anneliese Michel ) , where a married couple were accused of negligent homicide for failing to call a medical doctor during an exorcism of their daughter .
Angels & Demons is a 2000 bestselling mystery-thriller novel written by American author Dan Brown and published by Pocket Books and then by Corgi Books . The novel introduces the character Robert Langdon , who recurs as the protagonist of Brown 's subsequent novels . "Angels & Demons" shares many stylistic literary elements with its sequel , such as conspiracies of secret societies , a single-day time frame , and the Catholic Church . Ancient history , architecture , and symbology are also heavily referenced throughout the book . A film adaptation was released on May 15 , 2009. "The Da Vinci Code" film had been released in 2006 . Origin is an upcoming 2017 mystery thriller novel by American author Dan Brown and the fifth installment in his Robert Langdon series , following "Angels & Demons" , "The Da Vinci Code" , "The Lost Symbol" , and "Inferno" . The book will be released on October 3 , 2017 by Doubleday .
The 2012 NBA Draft was held on June 28 , 2012 , at Prudential Center in Newark , New Jersey . The draft started at 7:00 pm Eastern Daylight Time ( 2300 UTC ) , and was broadcast in the United States on ESPN . In this draft , National Basketball Association ( NBA ) teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players , including international players . This draft marked the first time that the first two players selected were from the same school ( Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist were teammates at Kentucky ) . It also set a record of having six players from one school ( Kentucky ) being selected in the two rounds of the draft and was the first draft to have the first three selections be college freshmen all from the same conference , the Southeastern Conference . Not only that , but it also featured the oldest player to ever get selected in an NBA draft , with Bernard James being 27 years old at the time of the draft . Of the players drafted , 30 are forwards , 21 are guards , and 9 are centers . Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes ( born May 30 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels before being selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the 2012 NBA draft with the seventh overall pick . Barnes won an NBA championship with the Warriors in 2015 .
Step Up is a 2006 American romantic dance film directed by Anne Fletcher starring Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan . Set in Baltimore , Maryland , the film follows the tale of the disadvantaged Tyler Gage ( Channing Tatum ) and the privileged modern dancer Nora Clark ( Jenna Dewan ) , who find themselves paired up in a showcase that determines both of their futures . Realizing that they only have one chance , they finally work together . The film is the first installment in the "Step Up" series , it was followed by four sequels , "" ( 2008 ) , "Step Up 3D" ( 2010 ) , "Step Up Revolution" ( 2012 ) and "" ( 2014 ) and a web series "Step Up : High Water" ( 2017 ) . Step Up 2 : The Streets is a 2008 American dance film . It is the sequel to the 2006 film "Step Up" from Touchstone Pictures . The film was directed by Jon M. Chu and choreographed by Jamal Sims , Nadine "Hi Hat" Ruffin and Dave Scott . Patrick Wachsberger and Erik Feig of Summit Entertainment produced with Adam Shankman and Jennifer Gibgot of Offspring Entertainment .
John Wesley ( or ; 28 June [ O.S . 17 June ] 1703 2 March 1791 ) was an English Anglican cleric and theologian who , with his brother Charles and fellow cleric George Whitefield , founded Methodism . The United Methodist Church ( UMC ) is a mainline Protestant denomination , and a major part of Methodism . In the 19th century , its main predecessor—the Methodist Church—was a leader in Evangelicalism . It was founded in 1968 in Dallas , Texas , United States , by union of the Methodist Church and the Evangelical United Brethren Church . The UMC traces its roots back to the revival movement of John and Charles Wesley in England as well as the Great Awakening in the United States . As such , the church 's theological orientation is decidedly Wesleyan . It embraces both liturgical and evangelical elements . It has a connectional polity , a typical feature of a number of Methodist denominations .
Shirley Temple Black ( April 23 , 1928 – February 10 , 2014 ) was an American actress , singer , dancer , businesswoman , and diplomat who was Hollywood 's number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938 . As an adult , she was named United States ambassador to Ghana and to Czechoslovakia and also served as Chief of Protocol of the United States . Kiss and Tell is a 1945 American comedy film starring then 17-year-old Shirley Temple as Corliss Archer . In the film , two teenage girls cause their respective parents much concern when they start to become interested in boys . The parents ' bickering about which girl is the worse influence causes more problems than it solves .
Kevin Nathaniel House Jr. is a former professional American football player . He played professionally for the San Diego Chargers and the Seattle Seahawks . The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football franchise based in Seattle , Washington . The Seahawks compete in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a member club of the league 's National Football Conference ( NFC ) West division . The Seahawks joined the NFL in 1976 as an expansion team . The Seahawks are owned by Paul Allen and are currently coached by Pete Carroll . Since 2002 , the Seahawks have played their home games at CenturyLink Field ( formerly Qwest Field ) , located south of downtown Seattle . The Seahawks previously played home games in the Kingdome ( 1976–1999 ) and Husky Stadium ( 1994 , 2000–2001 ) .
Alek Keshishian ( Armenian : Ալեք Գևորգի Քեշիշյան , born 30 July 1964 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is an Armenian-American film and commercial director , writer , producer and music video director . He is best known for his 1991 film "" which was , at the time , the highest-grossing documentary of all time . Kerkor "Kirk" Kerkorian ( June 6 , 1917 – June 15 , 2015 ) was an Armenian-American businessman , investor , and philanthropist . He was the president and CEO of Tracinda Corporation , his private holding company based in Beverly Hills , California . Kerkorian is known for having been one of the important figures in the shaping of Las Vegas and , with architect Martin Stern , Jr. described as the "father of the mega-resort" . He built the world 's largest hotel in Las Vegas three times : the International Hotel ( opened in 1969 ) , the MGM Grand Hotel ( 1973 ) and the MGM Grand ( 1993 ) . He purchased the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer movie studio in 1969 .
The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test is a nonfiction book by Tom Wolfe that was published in 1968 . The book is remembered today as an early – and arguably the most popular – example of the growing literary style called New Journalism . Wolfe presents an as-if-firsthand account of the experiences of Ken Kesey and his band of Merry Pranksters , who traveled across the country in a colorfully painted school bus named "Further" . Kesey and the Pranksters became famous for their use of LSD and other psychedelic drugs in hopes of achieving intersubjectivity . The book chronicles the Acid Tests ( parties in which LSD-laced Kool-Aid was used to obtain a communal trip ) , the group 's encounters with ( in ) famous figures of the time , including famous authors , Hells Angels , and The Grateful Dead , and it also describes Kesey 's exile to Mexico and his arrests . Further , also known as Furthur , is a 1939 International Harvester school bus purchased by author Ken Kesey in 1964 to carry his "Merry Band of Pranksters" cross-country , filming their counterculture adventures as they went . Due to the chaos of the trip and editing difficulties , the footage of their journey was never released as a movie until the 2011 documentary film "Magic Trip" -- although the bus featured prominently in Tom Wolfe 's 1968 book "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test" .
Valentino 's is a regional Italian restaurant chain based in Lincoln , Nebraska . Valentino 's was founded by Val and Zena Weiler in 1957 . The restaurant was purchased by two Lincoln families in 1971 and began franchising additional locations . The first carry-out store opened in 1990 , and many of the full-scale restaurants converted to the buffet concept in the early-2000s . Discovery Zone ( DZ ) was a chain of entertainment facilities featuring games and elaborate indoor mazes designed for young children , including roller slides , climbing play structures and ball pits . It also featured arcade games . The chain was founded by Ronald Matsch , Jim Jorgensen and Dr. David Schoenstadt in 1989 . The first location was opened in Kansas City , Missouri in October 1989 . An early investor and vocal supporter of the company was tennis player Billie Jean King .
The Sports Museum ( also known as The Sports Museum of New England ) is a non-profit museum currently located in the TD Garden in Boston , Massachusetts . The museum was founded in 1977 in nearby Cambridge , Massachusetts before eventually moving to Boston to the Garden , which has been home to Celtics and Bruins for twenty years . The museum 's exhibits focus on the history of various sports in the Boston area , including the Boston Bruins , Boston Celtics , Boston Red Sox , New England Patriots , Boston Marathon , New England Revolution , boxing , college sports , and others . The museum features diverse sports memorabilia , curiosities , and life-size sculptures of Bobby Orr , Larry Bird , Carl Yastrzemski and Ted Williams by Rhode Island sculptor Armand LaMontagne . The museum is normally open daily between 10 AM and 4 PM , but may close when an event or game is scheduled in the Garden . It is located on a subway stop . TD Garden , often called Boston Garden and "The Garden" , is a multi-purpose arena in Boston , Massachusetts . It is named after its sponsor , TD Bank , a subsidiary of Canada 's Toronto-Dominion Bank . It opened in 1995 as a replacement for the original Boston Garden and has been known as Shawmut Center , FleetCenter , and TD Banknorth Garden . The arena is located directly above the MBTA 's North Station .
Valeria Golino ( born 22 October 1965 ) is an Italian actress and director . She is best known to English-language audiences for her roles in "Rain Man" , "Big Top Pee-wee" and the "Hot Shots ! "films . In addition to David di Donatello , Silver Ribbon , Golden Ciak and Italian Golden Globe awards , she is also one of the three actresses who has won the Best Actress award at the Venice Film Festival twice . Rain Man is a 1988 American road comedy-drama film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Barry Morrow and Ronald Bass . It tells the story of an abrasive , selfish young wheeler-dealer , Charlie Babbitt ( Tom Cruise ) , who discovers that his estranged father has died and bequeathed all of his multimillion-dollar estate to his other son , Raymond ( Dustin Hoffman ) , an autistic savant , of whose existence Charlie was unaware . Charlie is left with only his father 's car and collection of rose bushes . In addition to the two leads , Valeria Golino stars as Charlie 's girlfriend , Susanna .
Michael John Moorcock ( born 18 December 1939 ) is an English writer , primarily of science fiction and fantasy , who has also published literary novels . He is best known for his novels about the character Elric of Melniboné , a seminal influence on the field of fantasy in the 1960s and 1970s . Stephen Reeder Donaldson ( born May 13 , 1947 ) is an American fantasy , science fiction and mystery novelist , most famous for "The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant" , his ten-novel fantasy series . His work is characterized by psychological complexity , conceptual abstractness , moral bleakness , and the use of an arcane vocabulary , and has attracted critical praise for its "imagination , vivid characterizations , and fast pace" . He earned his bachelor 's degree from The College of Wooster and a Master 's degree from Kent State University . He currently resides in New Mexico .
Angiotensin is a peptide hormone that causes vasoconstriction and a subsequent increase in blood pressure . It is part of the renin-angiotensin system , which is a major target for drugs that raises blood pressure . Angiotensin also stimulates the release of aldosterone , another hormone , from the adrenal cortex . Aldosterone promotes sodium retention in the distal nephron , in the kidney , which also drives blood pressure up . Aldosterone , the main mineralocorticoid hormone , is a steroid hormone produced by the zona glomerulosa of the adrenal cortex in the adrenal gland . It is essential for sodium conservation in the kidney , salivary glands , sweat glands and colon . It plays a central role in the regulation of the plasma sodium ( Na ) , the extracellular potassium ( K ) and arterial blood pressure . It does so mainly by acting on the mineralocorticoid receptors in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the nephron . It influences the reabsorption of sodium and excretion of potassium ( from and into the tubular fluids , respectively ) of the kidney , thereby indirectly influencing water retention or loss , blood pressure and blood volume . When dysregulated , aldosterone is pathogenic and contributes to the development and progression of cardiovascular and renal disease . Aldosterone has exactly the opposite function of the atrial natriuretic hormone secreted by the heart .
The Lower Paleolithic era in the Korean Peninsula began roughly half a million years ago . The earliest known Korean pottery dates to around 8000 BC , and the Neolithic period began after 6000 BC , followed by the Bronze Age by 800 BC , and the Iron Age around 400 BC . The Battle of Happo was a naval engagement on May 7 , 1592 , one of the three Joseon naval campaigns of 1592 conducted by Korean admiral Yi Sun-sin during Japanese invasions of Korea ( 1592-1598 ) against the Japanese forces of Toyotomi Hideyoshi . These campaigns made Yi a legendary figure in Korean History . The campaigns of Yi were vital in halting the Japanese invasion .
Dwain Anthony Chambers ( born 5 April 1978 ) is a retired British track sprinter . He has won international medals at World and European level and is one of the fastest European sprinters in the history of athletics . His primary event is the 100 metres , in which he has the fourth fastest time by a British sprinter . He is the European record holder for the 60 metres and 4×100 metres relay events with 6.42 seconds and 37.73 s respectively . He received a two-year athletics ban in 2003 after testing positive for THG , a banned performance-enhancing drug . Tetrahydrogestrinone ( THG ) , often referred to by its nickname The Clear , is a synthetic , orally active anabolic-androgenic steroid ( AAS ) which was never marketed . It was developed by Patrick Arnold and was used by a number of high-profile athletes such as Marion Jones and Dwain Chambers .
Paradise Pier is a themed land at Disney California Adventure , based on that of Victorian boardwalks that were once found along the coast of California . Despite its name and the presence of a nearby man-made lake , Paradise Pier is not actually a pier , but merely a waterside area of the park . The roller coaster California Screamin ' sprawls across much of it , with various other attractions and forms of entertainment scattered around it . The boardwalk-themed launched roller coaster was designed by Ingenieur Büro Stengel GmbH and was built by Intamin . California Screamin ' is the eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world ( and third-longest steel coaster in the United States ) , at 6072 ft long . It is also the longest ride with an inversion ( since Son of Beast became defunct ) . Its highest point is 120 ft followed by a 108 ft drop . Though built of steel , the structure as designed visually mimics the features of a wooden coaster .
Red Dead Redemption is a Western action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games . It was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles in May 2010 . It is the second title in the "Red Dead" franchise , after 2004 's "Red Dead Revolver" . The game , set during the decline of the American Frontier in the year 1911 , follows John Marston , a former outlaw whose wife and son are taken hostage by the government in ransom for his services as a hired gun . Having no other choice , Marston sets out to bring the three members of his former gang to justice . Tyler T. Bunch ( born February 10 , 1970 ) is an American puppeteer , puppet designer , director , and actor . In addition to his work for the Jim Henson Company , Bunch has created and performed puppets for PBS , Nickelodeon and Disney 's The Muppets Studio . He has acted in a few Off Broadway productions and has made appearances on American television shows such as "" , "Person of Interest" and "" and video games such as "Grand Theft Auto V" , "Red Dead Redemption" , "" and "Red Dead Revolver" . Currently , he is directing the PBS children 's television series "SeeMore 's Playhouse" . He is also currently scheduled to be one of the puppeteers for the musical stage adaptation of "Emmet Otter 's Jug-Band Christmas" . He resides in Stratford , Connecticut .
Teresa Teng ( 29 January 1953 – 8 May 1995 ) was a Taiwanese singer . She was known for her folk songs and romantic ballads , such as "When Will You Return ? "and "The Moon Represents My Heart" . She recorded songs not only in her native Mandarin but also in Taiwanese Hokkien , Cantonese , Japanese , Indonesian and English . "The Moon Represents My Heart" ( ) is a Mandarin song . It was made famous by Teresa Teng .
Arthur Hailey ( April 5 , 1920 – November 24 , 2004 ) was a British-Canadian novelist whose plot-driven storylines were set against the backdrops of various industries . His meticulously-researched books , which include such best sellers as "Hotel" ( 1965 ) , "Airport" ( 1968 ) , "Wheels" ( 1971 ) , "The Moneychangers" ( 1975 ) , and "Overload" ( 1979 ) , have sold 170 million copies in 38 languages . Rosario Castellanos Figueroa ( ] ; 25 May 1925 – 7 August 1974 ) was a Mexican poet and author . Along with the other members of the Generation of 1950 ( the poets who wrote following the Second World War , influenced by César Vallejo and others ) , she was one of Mexico 's most important literary voices in the last century . Throughout her life , she wrote eloquently about issues of cultural and gender oppression , and her work has influenced feminist theory and cultural studies . Though she died young , she opened the door of Mexican literature to women , and left a legacy that still resonates today .
Michael Carter-Williams ( born October 10 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He was drafted 11th overall in the 2013 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers , after playing college basketball for the Syracuse Orange . He was named NBA Rookie of the Year in 2014 , and has also played for the Milwaukee Bucks and Chicago Bulls . The 2016–17 Chicago Bulls season was the 51st season of the franchise in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Former 2011 MVP and 2009 Rookie of the Year Derrick Rose was traded from his hometown team to the New York Knicks . This was the first season without Rose since the 2012–13 season . Dwyane Wade , who played for the Miami Heat from 2003 to 2016 , decided to leave the Heat and sign with his hometown team , the Chicago Bulls . The Bulls traded Tony Snell to the Milwaukee Bucks for Michael Carter-Williams on October 17 , 2016 .
Raúl Arellano Villegas ( 28 February 1935 – 12 October 1997 ) was a Mexican football forward who played for Mexico in the 1954 FIFA World Cup . He also played for C.D . Guadalajara . The 1954 FIFA World Cup , the fifth staging of the FIFA World Cup , was held in Switzerland from 16 June to 4 July . Switzerland was chosen as hosts in July 1946 . The tournament set a number of all-time records for goal-scoring , including the highest average goals scored per game . The tournament was won by West Germany , who defeated Hungary 3–2 in the final , giving them their first title .
Lion Gardiner ( 1599–1663 ) , an early English settler and soldier in the New World , founded the first English settlement in what became the state of New York on Long Island . His legacy includes Gardiners Island , which is held by his descendants . Gardiner 's Island is a small island in the Town of East Hampton , New York , in Eastern Suffolk County . It is located in Gardiner 's Bay between the two peninsulas at the East end of Long Island . It is 6 mi long , 3 mi wide and has 27 mi of coastline . The island has been owned by the Gardiner family and their descendants since 1639 when Lion Gardiner purchased it from the Montaukett chief Wyandanch . It is one of the larger privately owned islands in the United States , and is slightly smaller than Naushon Island in Massachusetts , owned by the Forbes Family .
Oliver Fricker is the second high-profile foreigner ( after Michael P. Fay in 1994 ) to be sentenced to caning for vandalism in Singapore . On 25 June 2010 , he was sentenced to five months ' jail and three strokes of the cane under the Vandalism Act and Protected Areas and Protected Places Act . On appeal , the jail sentence was increased to seven months . Michael Peter Fay ( born May 30 , 1975 ) , better known simply as Michael Fay , is a United States citizen who was the subject of international attention in 1994 when he was sentenced to six strokes of the cane in Singapore for theft and vandalism at age 18 . Although caning is a routine court sentence in Singapore , its barbarity caused controversy in the United States , and Fay 's case was believed to be the first caning involving an American citizen . The number of cane strokes in Fay 's sentence was ultimately reduced from six to four after United States officials requested leniency .
Bachata is a genre of Latin American music that originated in the Dominican Republic in the first half of the 20th century with European , Indigenous and African musical elements . Chapter Dos : On The Verge is Xtreme 's fourth bachata album . Its third single Vuelve is coming up on the charts according to Billboards Hot Latin Songs Chart .
Guardians of the Galaxy ( retroactively referred to as Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 1 ) is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the tenth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film was directed by James Gunn , who wrote the screenplay with Nicole Perlman , and features an ensemble cast including Chris Pratt , Zoe Saldana , Dave Bautista , Vin Diesel , Bradley Cooper , Lee Pace , Michael Rooker , Karen Gillan , Djimon Hounsou , John C. Reilly , Glenn Close , and Benicio del Toro . In "Guardians of the Galaxy" , Peter Quill forms an uneasy alliance with a group of extraterrestrial misfits who are fleeing after stealing a powerful artifact . Paul Corbould is a British special effects supervisor best known for his work on major blockbuster films such as "Children of Men" ( 2006 ) , "" ( 2011 ) , "" ( 2013 ) , and most recently "Guardians of Galaxy" ( 2014 ) . He is a brother of Academy Award winning special effect supervisors Chris Corbould and Neil Corbould .
The Blue Bird Corporation ( originally known as the Blue Bird Body Company ) is an American bus manufacturer headquartered in Fort Valley , Georgia . Best known for as a manufacturer of school buses , the company has also manufactured a wide variety of other bus types , including transit buses , motorhomes , and specialty vehicles such as mobile libraries and mobile police command centers . Currently , Blue Bird concentrates its product lineup on school and activity buses and specialty vehicle derivatives . Wanderlodge is a high end brand of Class A motorhome recreational vehicle that was built by the Blue Bird Body Company ( now Blue Bird Corporation ) in Fort Valley , Georgia , from about 1963 until 2009 . Production started with a 31 ft gasoline-powered forward control ( front engine ) model and expanded to include larger diesel engine powered pusher ( rear engine ) models up to 45 ft in length . They remain highly prized by their owners and have an extensive service network .
The Probability Broach is the 1979 first novel by American science fiction writer L. Neil Smith . It is set in an alternate history , the so-called Gallatin Universe , where a libertarian society has formed on the North American continent , styled the North American Confederacy ( "NAC" ) . This history was created when the Declaration of Independence has the word "unanimous" added to the preamble , to read that governments "derive their just power from the "unanimous" consent of the governed" . Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin ( January 29 , 1761 – August 12 , 1849 ) was a Swiss-American politician , diplomat , ethnologist and linguist . He was an important leader of the Democratic-Republican Party , serving in various federal elective and appointed positions across four decades . He represented Pennsylvania in the Senate and the House of Representatives before becoming the longest-tenured United States Secretary of the Treasury and serving as a high-ranking diplomat .
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle is a collection of annals in Old English chronicling the history of the Anglo-Saxons . The original manuscript of the "Chronicle" was created late in the 9th century , probably in Wessex , during the reign of Alfred the Great . Multiple copies were made of that one original and then distributed to monasteries across England , where they were independently updated . In one case , the "Chronicle" was still being actively updated in 1154 . Æthelweard ( also Ethelward ; d. c. 998 ) , descended from the Anglo-Saxon King Æthelred I of Wessex , the elder brother of Alfred the Great , was an ealdorman and the author of a Latin version of the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" known as the "Chronicon Æthelweardi" .
Test Icicles were a short-lived dance-punk band that formed in England , primarily influenced by indie rock but containing musical elements from a variety of genres ( notably hip hop , crossover thrash and punk ) . The band was formed in 2004 by Rory Attwell and Sam Mehran , who were later joined by Devonte Hynes . Hynes and Mehran were both 18 years old at the time of the band 's inception . The group has since become notable due to the later success of its members . Noori ( Urdu : نوری , literal English translation : "light" ) is a rock band from Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan , formed in 1996 . The group was formed by songwriter , lead vocalist and guitarist , Ali Noor , along with his younger brother Ali Hamza , who were soon joined by bassist Muhammad Ali Jafri and drummer Salman Albert . Since the inception of the band , there had been many changes in the line-up ; the only consistent members being , brothers , Ali Noor and Ali Hamza .
The Little River Railroad is a historic class III railroad that operated between Maryville and Elkmont , Tennessee during the period 1901 to 1939 . Elkmont is a region situated in the upper Little River Valley of the Great Smoky Mountains of Sevier County , in the U.S. state of Tennessee . Throughout its history , the valley has been home to a pioneer Appalachian community , a logging town , and a resort community . Today , Elkmont is home to a large campground , ranger station , and historic district maintained by the Great Smoky Mountains National Park .
Johann Strauss II ( October 25 , 1825 – June 3 , 1899 ) , also known as Johann Strauss Jr. , the Younger , the Son ( German : "Sohn" ) , Johann Baptist Strauss , was an Austrian composer of light music , particularly dance music and operettas . He composed over 500 waltzes , polkas , quadrilles , and other types of dance music , as well as several operettas and a ballet . In his lifetime , he was known as "The Waltz King" , and was largely then responsible for the popularity of the waltz in Vienna during the 19th century . Cagliostro-Walzer op.370 is a waltz by Johann Strauss II composed in 1875 based on themes from his operetta , Cagliostro in Wien which premiered on 27 February 1875 at the famous Theater an der Wien .
The London Coliseum ( also known as the Coliseum Theatre ) is a theatre in St. Martin 's Lane , central London , built as one of London 's largest and most luxurious "family" variety theatres . Opened on 24 December 1904 as the London Coliseum Theatre of Varieties , it was designed by the theatrical architect Frank Matcham for the impresario Oswald Stoll . Their ambition was to build the largest and finest music hall , described as the "people 's palace of entertainment" of its age . English National Ballet is a classical ballet company founded by Dame Alicia Markova and Sir Anton Dolin and based at Markova House in South Kensington , London , England . Along with The Royal Ballet , Birmingham Royal Ballet and Scottish Ballet , it is one of the four major ballet companies in Great Britain . English National Ballet is one of the foremost touring companies in Europe , performing in theatres throughout the UK as well as conducting international tours and performing at special events . The Company employs approximately 67 dancers and a symphony orchestra , ( English National Ballet Philharmonic ) and there is also an associate school , English National Ballet School , which is independent from the ballet company . The Company regularly performs seasons at the London Coliseum and has been noted for specially staged performances at the Royal Albert Hall . In 2014 English National Ballet became an Associate Company of Sadler 's Wells . The Patron of English National Ballet is HRH The Duke of York .
William Michael Albert Broad ( born 30 November 1955 ) , known professionally as Billy Idol , is an English musician , singer , songwriter , and actor . He first achieved fame in the 1970s as a member of the punk rock band Generation X . Subsequently , he embarked on a solo career which led to international recognition and made Idol one of the lead artists during the MTV-driven "Second British Invasion" in the United States . Kenny Greene ( January 17 , 1969 – October 1 , 2001 ) was an American singer-songwriter who was also a member of the R & B group Intro .
Biergarten Restaurant is one of two restaurants in the Germany Pavilion at Epcot 's World Showcase at Walt Disney World Resort in Florida . The restaurant is styled as a typical Bavarian village , replete with the flags of every German state , numerous facades , and a running watermill . The table features long communal benches for seating , as well as a band playing German folk music . The restaurant is buffet-style , offering such dishes as schnitzel , bratwurst , kielbasa , rouladen , spatzle , sauerkraut , sauerbraten , cucumber salad , and strudel . The Germany Pavilion is a German-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase , within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando , Florida , United States . Its location is between the Chinese and Italian pavilions .
BioShock is a first-person shooter video game series developed by Irrational Games—the first under the name 2K Boston/2K Australia—and designed by Ken Levine . The first game in the series was released for the Windows operating system and Xbox 360 video game console on August 21 , 2007 in North America , and three days later ( August 24 ) in Europe and Australia . A PlayStation 3 version of the game , which was developed by 2K Marin , was released internationally on October 17 , 2008 and in North America on October 21 , 2008 with some additional features . The game was also released for the Mac OS X operating system on October 7 , 2009 . A version of the game for mobile platforms has also been developed by IG Fun . A sequel , "BioShock 2" , was released on February 9 , 2010 . On August 12 , 2010 , Irrational Games unveiled a trailer for a new game titled "BioShock Infinite" , released on March 26 , 2013 . With the release of "BioShock Infinite" selling over 11 million copies as of May 2015 , the three games combined have more than 25 million copies sold . A Big Daddy is a fictional character in the "BioShock" series of video games . Big Daddies are heavily spliced ( genetically mutated and altered with ADAM ) human beings who have had their bodies directly grafted into heavily armored , steampunk-inspired atmospheric diving suits . They are armed with a rivet gun , heavy drill , rocket launcher , or ion laser . Alpha series Big Daddies are equipped with any of several other weapons as well . Though they make low-pitched groaning noises similar to whales , Big Daddies have no voice actor attributed to them . Designed by Irrational Games ( then under the supervision of 2K Boston/2K Australia ) , they first appeared in "BioShock" and were promoted heavily . A six-inch Big Daddy action figure was included in the limited edition version of the title . In its sequel , "BioShock 2" , the player controls a prototype Big Daddy .
Sir Derek George Jacobi , ( ; born 22 October 1938 ) is an English actor and stage director . The Human Factor is a 1979 British thriller film starring Richard Attenborough , Nicol Williamson , Derek Jacobi , and John Gielgud . It is based on the 1978 novel "The Human Factor" by Graham Greene , with the screenplay written by Tom Stoppard . It examined British espionage , and the West 's relationship with apartheid South Africa .
Dirk Werner Nowitzki ( ] ) ( born June 19 , 1978 ) is a German professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . An alumnus of Röntgen Gymnasium and the DJK Würzburg basketball club , Nowitzki was chosen as the ninth pick in the 1998 NBA draft by the Milwaukee Bucks and immediately traded to the Mavericks , where he has played since . Listed at 7 ft , Nowitzki is considered to be one of the greatest power forwards of all time . Flula Borg ( born March 28 , 1982 ) is a German actor , comedian , musician , and YouTube personality who is better known as DJ Flula or simply Flula ( sometimes stylized as f|u|a ) . He currently lives in Los Angeles , California . Borg has appeared in several feature films , including "Pitch Perfect 2" , and a number of popular TV shows . He has collaborated with both well-known YouTubers , including Rhett and Link , Miranda Sings , Smosh , and many more , and mainstream celebrities such as Sir Mix-A-Lot , RZA , and Dirk Nowitzki . In 2015 , he was named one of The Hollywood Reporter 's Top 25 Digital Stars as well as one of Variety 's 10 Comics to Watch .
Didsbury is a suburban area of Manchester , England . It lies on the north bank of the River Mersey , 4.5 mi south of Manchester city centre . The population at the 2011 census was 26,788 . BA Connect was a fully owned subsidiary airline of British Airways . Headquartered in Didsbury , Manchester , England , it operated a network of domestic and European services from a number of airports in the United Kingdom on behalf of British Airways . The airline operated as a low-cost carrier , with food sold via a 'buy on board ' programme ( except for flights to London City Airport ) .
"# HappyHolograms" is the tenth and final episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park" . The 257th episode overall , it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker . The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on December 10 2014 . It is the second part of the two-part season finale which began with the previous episode , "# REHASH" . The episode makes multiple references to earlier episodes over the season , as well as to previous seasons , while mainly lampooning the trend of culture constantly making trending topics with no actual relevance . It also lampoons news events such as the death of Eric Garner , the shooting of Michael Brown , the sexual assault allegations against Bill Cosby , and the use of celebrity holograms . YouTube celebrity PewDiePie appeared as himself , continuing his story line from the previous episode . "# REHASH" is the ninth episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park" . The 256th overall episode , it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker . The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on December 3 , 2014 . The episode is part one of the two-part season finale . The episode lampoons the popularity of Internet Let 's Play celebrities and the phenomena of Internet trending topics that lack actual relevance . The episode also references and intertwined multiple elements from previous episodes in the eighteenth season of "South Park" . YouTube celebrity PewDiePie plays himself in this episode .
Black Sabbath : The Dio Years is a 2007 compilation CD of material from recordings made during vocalist Ronnie James Dio 's tenure in the band . The CD contains full album length , remastered tracks culled from all three studio albums : "Heaven and Hell" ( 1980 ) , "Mob Rules" ( 1981 ) , "Dehumanizer" ( 1992 ) , and the live album "Live Evil" ( 1982 ) . It also contains three new recorded songs : "The Devil Cried" , "Shadow of the Wind" , and "Ear in the Wall" . Mob Rules is the tenth studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath , released in November 1981 . It followed 1980 's "Heaven and Hell" , and it was the second and last Black Sabbath studio album to feature lead vocalist Ronnie James Dio prior to the 1992 album "Dehumanizer" .
"Taken for Granted" is the debut single by Sia . It was released in 2000 and in June of that year , debuted at number 10 on the UK Singles Charts . It stayed on the charts for a total of five weeks . It is the first single of Sia 's second studio album , "Healing Is Difficult" . It was written by Sia and produced by Nigel Corsbie and heavily samples from Sergei Prokofiev 's 'Montagues and Capulets ' Montagues and Capulets is a work of classical music written by Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev . The piece is the first one in the Suite No . 2 from "Romeo and Juliet" , Op . 64ter , which consists of two parts from his 1935 ballet "Romeo and Juliet" . He wrote versions for both orchestra and piano .
Paz is known for his raw and gritty lyrical delivery . His lyrics frequently contain references to religion , war , politics , mythology , conspiracy theories , and the paranormal . His more recent albums such as "Servants in Heaven Kings in Hell" show a more obvious approach to politics and world issues . This gritty style of Paz became apparent with the release of "Violent by Design" , and has become progressively more defined since its release . Vinnie Paz has a number of aliases , such as : Ikon the Verbal Hologram , Louie Doggs , Boxcutter Pazzy , Pack Pistol Pazzy , Hologram , Paz , Vinnie P , The Pazmanian Devil , Odrama Vin Laden , Ikon The Python , and Pazienza . Raised Catholic , Vinnie Paz is now a Muslim , which plays a major role in much of his lyrics , often controversially , as on Heavenly Divine , where he rapped "I 'm with Allah 'cause he chose me , I broke into the Vatican , strangled The Pope with his rosary ." Vinnie is also a heavy metal fan , and occasionally uses song titles and band names in JMT tracks and lyrics . Fightin ' Words is the second studio album by American rapper Diabolic . After several delays and the subsequent abandonment of Viper Records due to Diabolic 's desire to retain creative control over his productions , it was announced that the album would be released by his newly formed WarHorse Records on September 16 , 2014 . Features include Vinnie Paz , Sean Price , Celph Titled , Apathy , R.A. the Rugged Man and more . The album contains productions from DJ Premier , Engineer , Junior Makhno , Snowgoons and more .
The Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference is an annual media finance conference hosted and wholly independently funded by private investment firm Allen & Company . The conference has taken place in Sun Valley , Idaho for one week each July since 1983 . The conference typically features business leaders , political figures , and major figures in the philanthropic and cultural spheres . Previous conference guests have included Bill and Melinda Gates , Warren and Susan Buffett , Tony Blair , Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin , Allen alumnus and former Philippine Senator Mar Roxas , Google Chairman Eric Schmidt , Yahoo ! co-founder Jerry Yang , Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , Media Mogul Rupert Murdoch , eBay CEO Meg Whitman , BET founder Robert Johnson , Time Warner Chairman Richard Parsons , NBA player LeBron James , Governor Chris Christie , entertainer Dan Chan , Katharine Graham of "The Washington Post" , Diane Sawyer , InterActiveCorp Chairman Barry Diller , Linkedin co-founder Reid Hoffman , Sandro Salsano from Salsano Group , and Washington Post CEO Donald E. Graham , and Oprah . Keith Rupert Murdoch , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : 'AC KCSG ' , ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( ; born 11 March 1931 ) is an Australian-born American media mogul . His father , Sir Keith Murdoch , had been a reporter , editor , and senior executive of the "Herald" and "Weekly Times" newspaper publishing company , covering all Australian states except New South Wales . After his father 's death in 1952 , Murdoch declined to join his late father 's registered public company and created his own private company , News Limited . Murdoch thus had full control as Chairman and CEO of global media holding company News Corporation , now the world 's second-largest media conglomerate , and its successors , News Corp and 21st Century Fox , after the conglomerate split on 28 June 2013 .
Alejandro Jodorowsky Prullansky ( ] ; born 17 February 1929 ) is a Chilean-French film and theatre director , screenwriter , playwright , actor , author , poet , producer , composer , musician , comics writer , and spiritual guru . Best known for his avant-garde films , he has been "venerated by cult cinema enthusiasts" for his work which "is filled with violently surreal images and a hybrid blend of mysticism and religious provocation" . Philip Saville ( sometimes credited as Philip Savile , 28 October 1930 – 22 December 2016 ) was a British television and film director , screenwriter and former actor whose career lasted half a century . The British Film Institute 's Screenonline website has described Saville as "one of Britain 's most prolific and pioneering television and film directors" .
Australia submitted an unsuccessful bid for the 2022 FIFA World Cup . On 2 December 2010 FIFA announced that the event would be held in Qatar . Australia also lodged a bid for the 2018 World Cup , but withdrew the bid on 10 June 2010 . The 2018 and 2022 World Cups will be the 21st and 22nd editions of the FIFA World Cup . The bidding procedure to host both the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup began in January 2009 , and national associations had until 2 February 2009 to register their interest . The bid was presented by Frank Lowy , Ben Buckley , Quentin Bryce and Elle Macpherson . However , due to controversies of Qatar hosting , Australia 's bid is possible if FIFA decides to strip Qatar 's 2022 hosting rights . Sir Frank P. Lowy , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 22 October 1930 ) is an Australian-Israeli businessman and Chairman of Westfield Corporation , a global shopping centre company with US $ 29.3 billion of assets under management in the United States , United Kingdom and Europe . He is a former Chairman of Scentre Group , the owner and manager of Westfield-branded shopping centres in Australia and New Zealand .
Martin is an American sitcom that aired for five seasons on Fox from August 27 , 1992 to May 1 , 1997 . Reflecting the rising popularity of the Fox network throughout the 1990s , "Martin" was one of the network 's highest-rated shows during the sitcom 's run . Garrett Morris ( born February 1 , 1937 ) is an American comedian and actor . He was part of the original cast of the sketch comedy program "Saturday Night Live" , appearing from 1975 to 1980 . Morris also had a long-running role as Junior "Uncle Junior" King on the sitcom "The Jamie Foxx Show" , which aired from 1996–2001 . Morris had a starring role as Earl Washington on the CBS sitcom "2 Broke Girls" , from 2011-2017 . He was also in the sitcom "Martin" as Stan Winters from 1992-1995 .
The Daily Howler is an American political blog written by Bob Somerby . It was perhaps the first major political blog , started in 1998 . The style is by turns earnest and sarcastic . Somerby criticizes what he considers the media 's frequently biased or lazy coverage . In his view , the media frequently latch on to a generally agreed "script" with little regard for facts that contradict the script . For instance , in the runup to the U.S. 2000 election it was frequently said or assumed that Al Gore was untruthful , but Somerby shows that much of what supposedly underlay that script was in fact untrue , misrepresented or greatly exaggerated . He also argues that the media frequently ignore substantive issues and concentrate on trivial ones instead ( in the 2000 presidential election , for example , professing bewilderment in response to the candidates ' budget proposals while writing repeatedly and at length about irrelevant issues such as Gore 's choice of clothes , or in 2006 writing articles about Barack Obama 's middle name . ) Despite being left of center in his politics , Somerby mainly critiques liberals in the U.S. mainstream media who he feels do poor journalism , such as Rachel Maddow and Keith Olbermann , both of MSNBC . Rachel Anne Maddow ( , ; born April 1 , 1973 ) is an American television host , political commentator , and author .
The Manchester Terrier is a breed of dog of the smooth-haired terrier type . The Scotch Collie is a landrace breed of dog which originated from the highland regions of Scotland . The breed consisted of both the long-haired ( now known as Rough ) Collie and the short-haired ( now known as Smooth ) Collie . It is generally believed to have descended from a variety of ancient herding dogs , some dating back to the Roman occupation , which may have included Roman Cattle Dogs , Native Celtic Dogs and Viking Herding Spitzes . Other ancestors include the Gordon and Irish Setters .
In his own time , William Shakespeare ( 1564–1616 ) was rated as merely one among many talented playwrights and poets , but since the late 17th century he has been considered the supreme playwright and poet of the English language . Timeline of Shakespeare criticism is an informal term that presents a chronological collection of critical quotations about William Shakespeare and his works , which illustrate the article Shakespeare 's reputation .
Manru is an opera ( lyrical drama ) in three acts , music by Ignacy Jan Paderewski composed to the libretto by Alfred Nossig ( English translation by Henry Edward Krehbiel ) , based on the novel "A Hut Behind the Village" ( 1843 ) by Józef Ignacy Kraszewski . Ignacy Jan Paderewski , GBE ( ] ; 18 November [ O.S . 6 November ] 1860 – 29 June 1941 ) was a Polish pianist and composer , politician and spokesman for Polish independence . He was a favorite of concert audiences around the world . His musical fame opened access to diplomacy and the media .
The Fray is an American pop rock band from Denver , Colorado . Formed in 2002 by schoolmates Isaac Slade and Joe King , they achieved success with the release of their debut album , "How to Save a Life" in 2005 , which was certified double platinum by the RIAA and platinum in Australia , Canada , New Zealand and the UK . The Fray achieved national success with their first single , "Over My Head ( Cable Car )" , which became a top ten hit in the United States . The release of their second single , "How to Save a Life" , brought the band worldwide fame . The song charted in the top three of the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was a top 5 single in Australia , Canada , Ireland , Italy , Spain , Sweden , and the United Kingdom . Goldfinger is an American rock band from Los Angeles , California that formed in 1994 . The band is widely considered to have been a contributor to the movement of third-wave ska , a mid-1990s revitalization in the popularity of ska . However , the releases of "Open Your Eyes" and "Disconnection Notice" , have been more commonly placed as punk rock genre . Apart from the band 's music , Goldfinger is also noted for their political activism , particularly in the area of animal rights .
Britt Walford ( born 1970 , in Louisville , Kentucky ) is best known for being the drummer for Slint . He was a member of the punk band Squirrel Bait , but was replaced by Ben Daughtrey when he quit to play with future Slint guitarist David Pajo in the band Maurice . After the breakups of Squirrel Bait and Maurice , some of the members joined to form the band which would become Slint . In 1989 , Walford joined Pixies bassist Kim Deal in her new project The Breeders at the request of Steve Albini ( under the pseudonyms Shannon Doughton & Mike Hunt ) , with whom he recorded their first album , "Pod" ( 1990 ) , also appearing for live performances in drag to suit his stage name . Slint broke up in November 1990 , Walford remain semi-active in the music scene , eventually in underground New York jazz bands and playing for bands such as Evergreen and friend Brian McMahan 's The For Carnation project . David Pajo ( born June 25 , 1968 ) is an American alternative rock musician . He has played a wide variety of music , loosely fitting into several other genres such as hardcore punk , math rock , post-rock , electronica , folk rock and indie pop . Though a multi-instrumentalist ( including guitar , bass guitar , banjo and drums ) , he is best known for his guitar work .
Jerome John Garcia ( August 1 , 1942 – August 9 , 1995 ) was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist , best known for his work as the lead guitarist and as a vocalist with the band the Grateful Dead , which came to prominence during the counterculture era in the 1960s . Although he disavowed the role , Garcia was viewed by many as the leader or "spokesman" of the group . Joe Gooch ( born 3 May 1977 ) was Ten Years After 's most recent lead vocalist and lead guitarist .
Yekaterinburg ( Russian : Екатеринбу́рг ; ] ) , alternatively romanised as Ekaterinburg , is Russia 's fourth-largest city after Moscow , Saint Petersburg , and Novosibirsk , with a population of 1,349,772 as of 2010 . Yekaterinburg is the administrative centre of Sverdlovsk Oblast located in the middle of the Eurasian continent , on the border of Europe and Asia . Situated on the Iset River , the city was built in November 18 , 1723 , and named after Russian emperor Peter the Great 's wife , Yekaterina , who later became Catherine I after Peter 's death . In 1924 , the city was named Sverdlovsk ( Russian : Свердло́вск ) after the Communist party leader Yakov Sverdlov , and in 1991 back to Yekaterinburg . Belarusian State Technological University ( Russian : Белорусский государственный технологический университет ; Belarusian : Беларускі Дзяржаўны Тэхналагічны Універсітэт ) is a University in Minsk , Belarus specialized in engineering and technology . It was established in Gomel in 1930 as the Forestry Institute . In 1941 , it was evacuated to Sverdlovsk , now Yekaterinburg . Returned to Gomel in 1944 , but in 1946 relocated to Minsk as the Belarusian Institute of Technology . Upgraded to university level in 1993 . Currently has 9 departments .
John "Johnny" McDaid ( born 24 July 1976 ) is a Northern Irish singer , songwriter , musician and record producer from Derry . Evolution is the sixth studio album by Paul van Dyk released in April 2012 . The album features a wide range of collaborations including Arty , Giuseppe Ottaviani , Adam Young , Austin Leeds , Plumb , Johnny McDaid 's Fieldwork project , and Sue McLaren .
James Douglas Packer ( born 8 September 1967 ) is an Australian businessman and investor . Erica Georgia Packer ( née Baxter ; born 10 November 1977 ) is an Australian singer and model . She was the second wife of Australia 's eighth richest man , James Packer .
Kresy Wschodnie or Kresy ( ] , Eastern Borderlands , or Borderlands ) was a region of the Second Polish Republic during the interwar period constituting nearly half of the territory of the state ; where the ethnic Poles , being the largest group , were roughly equal in their number to the size of the national minorities ( with notable exceptions ) . Administratively , the territory of Kresy was composed of voivodeships of Lwów , Nowogródek , Polesie , Stanisławów , Tarnopol , Wilno , Wołyń , and the Białystok . Today , these territories are divided between Western Ukraine , Western Belarus , and south-eastern Lithuania , with such major cities as Lviv , Vilnius , and Grodno no longer in Poland . In the Second Polish Republic the term "Kresy" roughly equated with the lands beyond the so-called Curzon Line , which was suggested after World War I in December 1919 by the British Foreign Office as the eastern border of the re-emerging sovereign Republic following the century of partitions . In September 1939 , after the Soviet Union joined Nazi Germany in their attack on Poland in accordance with the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact , the territories were incorporated into Soviet Ukraine , Belarus and Lithuania in the atmosphere of terror . The history of the Curzon Line , with minor variations , goes back to the period following World War I . It was drawn for the first time by the Supreme War Council as the demarcation line between the newly emerging states , the Second Polish Republic , and the Soviet Union . The proposal was put forward by British Foreign Secretary George Curzon , to serve as a diplomatic basis for the future border agreement , and in that form , it never materialized because the war went on .
Picciola serenata ( little serenade ) in B-flat major is a serenade written by Italian composer Antonio Salieri scored for five instruments : 2 oboes , 2 horns and 1 bassoon . The piece was composed in 1778 and consists of four movements . Antonio Salieri ( ] ; 18 August 17507 May 1825 ) was an Italian classical composer , conductor , and teacher . He was born in Legnago , south of Verona , in the Republic of Venice , and spent his adult life and career as a subject of the Habsburg Monarchy .
The Agronomist is a 2003 American documentary directed by Jonathan Demme , and starring Jean Dominique . The documentary follows the life of Dominique , who ran Haiti 's first independent radio station , Radio Haiti-Inter , during multiple repressive regimes . American Scary is a 2006 American documentary film about the history and legacy of classic television horror hosts , written and directed by American independent filmmakers John E. Hudgens and Sandy Clark .
RAAF Base Williamtown ( IATA : NTL , ICAO : YWLM ) is a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) military air base located 8 NM north of the coastal city of Newcastle ( 27 km by road ) in the local government area of Port Stephens , in New South Wales , Australia . The base serves as the headquarters to both the Air Combat Group and the Surveillance and Response Group of the RAAF . The military base shares its runway facilities with Newcastle Airport . The nearest towns are Raymond Terrace , located 8 km west of the base and Medowie , 6.8 km , north of the base , which is home to many of the base 's staff . The Newcastle Airport ( IATA : NTL , ICAO : YWLM ) is 8 NM north of Newcastle , New South Wales ( 27 km by road ) in Port Stephens . It is the 12th busiest airport in Australia , handling over 1.25 million passengers in the year ended 30 June 2017 , an increase of 6.6 % on the previous year . The airport occupies a 28 ha site on the southern border of RAAF Base Williamtown .
Edmund Irvine Jr. ( born 10 November 1965 ) is a retired British racing driver from Northern Ireland . He was a Formula One driver between 1993 and 2002 , and runner-up in the 1999 World Drivers ' Championship , driving for Scuderia Ferrari . The Jaguar R2 was the car with which the Jaguar team competed in the Formula One season . It was driven by Eddie Irvine , who was in his second year with the team , and Luciano Burti , who had deputised for Irvine at the 2000 Austrian Grand Prix . However , the Brazilian was replaced by Pedro de la Rosa after only four Grands Prix .
The Hatter is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll 's "Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland" and its sequel "Through the Looking-Glass" . He is often referred to as the Mad Hatter , though this term was never used by Carroll . The phrase "mad as a hatter" pre-dates Carroll 's works . The Hatter and the March Hare are referred to as "both "mad"" by the Cheshire Cat , in "Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland" in the seventh chapter titled "A Mad Tea-Party" . The March Hare ( called Haigha in "Through the Looking-Glass" ) is a character most famous for appearing in the tea party scene in Lewis Carroll 's "Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland" .
Aladdin is an upcoming American musical romantic fantasy film directed by Guy Ritchie from a screenplay written by John August , Ritchie and Vanessa Taylor , and co-produced by Walt Disney Pictures , Lin Pictures , and Marc Platt Productions . It is a live-action adaptation of Disney 's 1992 animated film of the same name , which is in turn based on the Arab-style folktale of the same name from "One Thousand and One Nights" and the French interpretation by Antoine Galland . The film stars Mena Massoud as the titular character with Naomi Scott , Will Smith , Marwan Kenzari , Navid Negahban , Nasim Pedrad , Billy Magnussen , and Numan Acar in supporting roles . It is scheduled to be released on May 24 , 2019 in the United States . Song of the South is a 1946 American live-action animated musical film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures . It is based on the collection of Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris , and stars James Baskett as Uncle Remus . The film takes place in the southern United States during the Reconstruction Era , a period of American history shortly after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery . The story follows 7-year-old Johnny ( Bobby Driscoll ) who is visiting his grandmother 's plantation for an extended stay . Johnny befriends Uncle Remus , one of the workers on the plantation , and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit , Br'er Fox , and Br'er Bear . Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing living on the plantation .
The New Orleans Pelicans are an American professional basketball team based in New Orleans , Louisiana . The Pelicans compete in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) as a member club of the league 's Western Conference Southwest Division . The team plays their home games in the Smoothie King Center ( formerly known as the New Orleans Arena ) . Jalen Jones ( born May 27 , 1993 ) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He was signed on a two-way contract with the NBA G League . He played college basketball for Southern Methodist and Texas A & M .
Robins Air Force Base ( IATA : WRB , ICAO : KWRB ) is a major United States Air Force installation located in Houston County , Georgia , United States . The base is located just east of and adjacent to the city of Warner Robins , 18 mi south-southeast of Macon and approximately 100 mi south-southeast of Atlanta , Georgia . The base is named in honor of Brig Gen Augustine Warner Robins , the Air Force 's "father of logistics" . The 413th Flight Test Group ( 413 FTG ) is a United States Air Force Air Force Reserve Command unit . It is stationed at Robins Air Force Base , Georgia as a tenant unit .
The development of Indian logic dates back to the "anviksiki" of Medhatithi Gautama ( c. 7th century BCE ) the Sanskrit grammar rules of Pāṇini ( c. 5th century BCE ) ; the Vaisheshika school 's analysis of atomism ( c. 2nd century BCE ) ; the analysis of inference by Gotama ( c. 2nd century ) , founder of the Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy ; and the tetralemma of Nagarjuna ( c. 2nd century CE ) . Indian logic stands as one of the three original traditions of logic , alongside the Greek and the Chinese logic . The Indian tradition continued to develop through to early modern times , in the form of the Navya-Nyāya school of logic . The Nyāya Sūtras is an ancient Indian Sanskrit text composed by Akṣapāda Gautama , and the foundational text of the Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy . The date when the text was composed , and the biography of its author is unknown , but variously estimated between 6th-century BCE and 2nd-century CE . The text may have been composed by more than one author , over a period of time . The text consists of five books , with two chapters in each book , with a cumulative total of 528 aphoristic sutras , about rules of reason , logic , epistemology and metaphysics .
"Making Today a Perfect Day" is a song from the 2015 Walt Disney Animation Studios computer-animated short film "Frozen Fever" , with music and lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez and performed throughout most of the short . It was released as a single in the United States on March 12 , 2015 . Frozen Fever is a 2015 American computer-animated musical fantasy short film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures . It is a sequel to the 2013 feature film "Frozen" , and tells the story of Anna 's birthday party given by Elsa with the help of Kristoff , Sven , and Olaf . Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee again served as the directors with Kristen Bell , Idina Menzel , Jonathan Groff , and Josh Gad providing the lead voices .
Mystère is a Cirque du Soleil show in permanent residence at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas , Nevada , United States . It is one of six resident Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas , the others being "O" , "Zumanity" , "Kà" , "Love" , and "" . "Mystère" was first performed on December 25 , 1993 and quickly won over audiences with its unique style of circus entertainment . As with many Cirque du Soleil productions , "Mystère" features a mixture of circus skills , dance , elaborate sets , opera , worldbeat music , and street theatre-style comedy . Treasure Island Hotel & Casino ( also known as "TI" ) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , USA with 2,664 rooms and 220 suites , and is connected by tram to The Mirage as well as pedestrian bridge to the Fashion Show Mall shopping center . Since March 2009 , TI is owned and operated by Phil Ruffin .
ARY Digital ( Urdu : ‎ ) , a subsidiary of the ARY Group , is a popular Pakistani television network available in Pakistan , the Middle East , North America and Europe . The ARY Group of companies is a Dubai-based holding company founded by a Pakistani businessman , Abdul Razzak Yaqoob ( ARY ) . The network caters to the needs of South Asians , particularly the Pakistani diaspora . The channel is considered to be a pioneer in Pakistani media and broadcasting industry , and has an expanding network of channels , each with an independent focus . Khushi Ek Roag ( or Khushi Aik Roag ) ( Urdu : خوشی ایک روگ‎ ) is a 2012 Pakistani drama serial . Serial is broadcasting on ARY Digital since 11 June 2012 . It is directed by "Mohsin Mirza" and written by "Seema Munaf" , starring Yumna Zaidi , Shahood Alvi , Farhan Ally Agha , Naheed Shabbir and Sami Khan .
Lit is an American rock band , formed in 1995 in Fullerton , California . They are best known for their hit song "My Own Worst Enemy" . The View from the Bottom is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Lit , released on June 19 , 2012 through Megaforce Records . It is the band 's first new album in eight years , since the release of their self-titled album in 2004 . It also marks the first album with Nathan Walker on drums , succeeding the late Allen Shellenberger , who died in 2009 , and rhythm guitarist Ryan Gillmor , making it the only time the band has recorded as a five-piece .
Pawn Stars UK is a British reality television series which debuted on 26 August 2013 on the British version of the History channel . The series is filmed in Sealand , Flintshire in Wales , and chronicles the day-to-day activities of pawn shop Regal Pawn , collaboratively run by Mark Andrew Manning , Mark Lever Holland , Marco Peter Holland , Simon Penworth , and Vicki Manning . Pawn Stars Australia is the Australian adaption of the American series of the same name . It premiered on 21 July 2015 on A & E . The Australian version is the third international spin-off after Pawn Stars UK and Pawn Stars South Africa .
The HKFA , incorporated into Hong Kong Film Awards Association Ltd. since December 1993 , are currently managed by a board of directors , which consists of representatives from thirteen professional film bodies in Hong Kong . Voting on eligible films for the HKFA is conducted January through March every year and is open to all registered voters , which include local film workers as well as critics , and a selected group of adjudicators . Tony Leung Ka-fai ( ; born 1 February 1958 ) is a Hong Kong actor who is a four-time winner of the Hong Kong Film Award .
William "Bill" L. Daly III ( born May 1 , 1964 ) is an American attorney and the current deputy commissioner and chief legal officer of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) under commissioner , Gary Bettman . He is also a Hockey Hall of Fame board member and former NHL vice president and chief legal officer . Before joining the NHL front office he worked for the New York law firm of Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom , LLP . He received his bachelor 's degree from Dartmouth College and his law degree from New York University School of Law . He is a big fan of the Miami Dolphins , and currently resides in Bethesda , Maryland . Gary Bruce Bettman ( born June 2 , 1952 ) is the commissioner of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) , a post he has held since February 1 , 1993 . Previously , Bettman was a senior vice president and general counsel to the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Bettman is a graduate of Cornell University and New York University School of Law .
Carl Maria Friedrich Ernst von Weber ( 18 or 19 November 1786 5 June 1826 ) was a German composer , conductor , pianist , guitarist and critic , and was one of the first significant composers of the Romantic school . Peter Schmoll und seine Nachbarn ( "Peter Schmoll and his Neighbours" ) is the third opera by Carl Maria von Weber and the first for which the music has survived , though the libretto has not . It was written in 1802 when the composer was only 15 and premiered in Augsburg the following year . The opera takes the form of a Singspiel , mixing spoken dialogue and musical numbers . The libretto is based on a novel by C.G . Cramer .
Samuel Joel "Zero" Mostel ( February 28 , 1915 – September 8 , 1977 ) was an American actor and comedian of stage and screen , best known for his portrayal of comic characters such as Tevye on stage in "Fiddler on the Roof" , Pseudolus on stage and on screen in "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum" , and Max Bialystock in the original film version of "The Producers" . Mostel was a student of Don Richardson , using an acting technique based on muscle memory . He was blacklisted during the 1950s , and his testimony before the House Un-American Activities Committee was well-publicized . He was an Obie Award and three-time Tony Award winner . The Angel Levine is a 1970 American film directed by Jan Kadar and based on a short story by Bernard Malamud about an impoverished New York City tailor ( played by Zero Mostel ) unable to work due to health problems , creating a financial strain since his wife ( Ida Kaminska ) is seriously ill . The tailor 's faith is challenged when a man calling himself Alexander Levine ( Harry Belafonte ) comes into his life , claiming to be his guardian angel . The angel is concerned that he must make the tailor believe in his mission , or else he will be unable to earn his angelic wings .
Passion Pit is an American indietronica band from Cambridge , Massachusetts , formed in 2007 . The band consists solely of Michael Angelakos ( lead vocals/keyboards ) , joined live by Chris Hartz ( drums ) , Aaron Harrison Folb ( bass/synthesizers ) , Giuliano Pizzulo ( guitar/synthesizers ) , and Ray Suen ( guitar/synthesizers ) . Sum 41 is a Canadian rock band from Ajax , Ontario . Originally called Kaspir , the band formed in 1996 and currently consists of lead vocalist/rhythm guitarist/keyboardist Deryck Whibley , lead guitarist/backing vocalist Dave Baksh , rhythm/lead guitarist/keyboardist/backing vocalist Tom Thacker , bassist/backing vocalist Jason McCaslin and drummer Frank Zummo .
Liberty is a magazine published by the Seventh-day Adventist Church that covers issues involving separation of church and state , and current events in politics . It has a circulation of over 200,000 . MIT Technology Review is a magazine published by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . It was founded in 1899 as The Technology Review , and was re-launched without "The" in its name on April 23 , 1998 under then publisher R. Bruce Journey . In September 2005 , it underwent another transition under its then editor-in-chief and publisher , Jason Pontin , to a form resembling the historical magazine .
Brent Roger Wilkes ( born May 21 , 1954 ) , an American entrepreneur , defense contractor , civic leader and philanthropist . Wilkes became well known for his involvement with the Duke Cunningham defense contracting scandal and was indicted for his involvement in this scandal on February 13 , 2007 . He was indicted on new charges which superseded the previous ones on May 10 , 2007 . Wilkes was convicted on all 13 counts on November 5 , 2007 . On March 27 , 2008 the Court of Appeals ordered him released on bail pending appeal , finding in part "that the appeal raises a 'substantial question ' of law or fact likely to result in reversal , a new trial or a sentence not including a term of prison" . On January 6 , 2009 , after serving eleven months in federal custody , the last six months at Federal Correctional Institution , Terminal Island , Wilkes was released , pending appeal . Randall Harold Cunningham ( born December 8 , 1941 ) , usually known as Randy or Duke , is a United States Navy 20-year career pilot and officer , retiring as a commander ; and a Republican politician . He served as member of the United States House of Representatives from California 's 50th Congressional District from 1991 to 2005 . He resigned in 2005 , after having pleaded guilty to bribery , fraud , and tax evasion .
Cieli di Toscana ( Tuscan Skies ) is Andrea Bocelli 's eighth studio album , released in 2001 . Andrea Bocelli , ( ] ; born 22 September 1958 ) is an Italian classical crossover tenor , recording artist , and singer-songwriter . Born with poor eyesight , Bocelli became completely blind at the age of 12 , following a football accident .
Holiday World & Splashin ' Safari ( known as Santa Claus Land prior to 1984 ) is a combination theme park and water park located near Interstate 64 and U.S. 231 in Santa Claus , Indiana , United States . The theme park is divided into four sections that celebrate Christmas , Halloween , Thanksgiving and the Fourth of July with rides , live entertainment , games , and attractions . Holiday World is known for its three wooden roller coasters : "The Raven" , "The Legend" , and "The Voyage" , as well as for "Thunderbird" , a B & M launched Wing Coaster and The Howler . The safari-themed water park includes the world 's two longest water coasters : "Wildebeest" and "Mammoth" , numerous family raft rides and water slides , two wave pools , a lazy river , two family "tipping bucket" water-play attractions , plus dedicated children 's slides and play areas . The Voyage is a wooden roller coaster located at Holiday World & Splashin ' Safari in Santa Claus , Indiana . It opened to the public on May 6 , 2006 . Designed and built by The Gravity Group with the help of designers Mike Graham , Korey Kiepert , Larry Bill , Chad Miller , and former park President Will Koch , the roller coaster is themed to the famous voyage of the "Mayflower" by Pilgrims to North America in 1620 .
Dame Eileen June Atkins , DBE ( born 16 June 1934 ) is an English actress and occasional screenwriter . She has worked in the theatre , film , and television consistently since 1953 . In 2008 , she won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress and the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for "Cranford" . She is also a three-time Olivier Award winner , winning Best Supporting Performance in 1988 ( for Multiple roles ) and Best Actress for "The Unexpected Man" ( 1999 ) and "Honour" ( 2004 ) . She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in 1990 and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( DBE ) in 2001 . Sons and Lovers is a 1981 BBC television serial based on the D. H. Lawrence book "Sons and Lovers" . It starred Eileen Atkins , Tom Bell , Karl Johnson , Lynn Dearth and Leonie Mellinger . It was adapted by Trevor Griffiths and directed by Stuart Burge , and originally shown as seven episodes . It aired in the US as part of the PBS 's Masterpiece Theatre program in 1982 .
Haile Selassie I ( Ge'ez : , "qädamawi haylä səllasé" ; ] ; 23 July 1892 – 27 August 1975 ) , born Tafari Makonnen Woldemikael , was Ethiopia 's regent from 1916 to 1930 and emperor from 1930 to 1974 . He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity from 25 May 1963 to 17 July 1964 and 5 November 1966 to 11 September 1967 . He was a member of the Solomonic Dynasty . Princess Yeshashework Yilma ( died 1982 ) was the daughter of Dejazmatch Yilma Makonnen , governor of Harar and niece of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia . Her mother Woizero Aselefech Wolde Hanna was the niece of Empress Taitu Bitul , consort of Emperor Menelik II of Ethiopia . Through her paternal great-grandmother , she was a member of the Imperial Solomonic dynasty of Ethiopia . Her father died while she was still very young .
Muslim Magometovich Magomayev ( Azerbaijani : "Müslüm Məhəmməd oğlu Maqomayev" , 17 August 1942 – 25 October 2008 ) , dubbed the "King of Songs" and the "Soviet Sinatra" was a Soviet Azerbaijani baritone operatic pop singer . He achieved iconic status in Russia and the post-Soviet countries for his vocal talent and charisma . Muslim Mahammad oglu Magomayev ( Azerbaijani : "Müslüm Maqomayev" ) ( 18 September 1885 in Grozny – 28 July 1937 in Nalchik ) was an Azerbaijani and Soviet composer and conductor . He is the grandfather and a namesake of Azerbaijani opera singer Muslim Magomayev .
Hwarang : The Poet Warrior Youth ( ) is a South Korean television series starring Park Seo-joon , Go A-ra , and Park Hyung-sik . It evolves around an elite group of young men called "Hwarang" who discover their passions , love and friendship in the turmoil of the Silla Kingdom ( 57 B.C . - A.D. 935 ) . The series aired every Monday and Tuesday at 22:00 ( KST ) on KBS2 , from December 19 , 2016 to February 21 , 2017 . Park Hyung-Sik ( born November 16 , 1991 ) , known mononymously as Hyungsik , is a South Korean singer and actor . He is a member of the South Korean boy group , and its sub-group ZE : A Five . Apart from his singing career , he is most well known for his work in "The Heirs" ( 2013 ) , "High Society" ( 2015 ) , "" ( 2016 ) and "Strong Woman Do Bong-soon" ( 2017 ) .
Robert “ Bob ” Buck ( 1938 – January 22 , 1996 ) , was an American sportscaster and sports director . He was the younger brother of late St. Louis Cardinals radio broadcaster Jack Buck , and was the uncle of national television sportscaster Joe Buck . Joseph Francis "Joe" Buck ( born April 25 , 1969 ) is an American sportscaster and the son of sportscaster Jack Buck . He has won numerous Sports Emmy Awards for his work with Fox Sports , including his roles as lead play-by-play announcer for the network 's National Football League and Major League Baseball coverage , and is a three-time recipient of the National Sportscaster of the Year award . Since 1996 , he has served as the play-by-play announcer for the World Series , each year , with the exceptions of 1997 and 1999 .
Southaven is a city in DeSoto County , Mississippi , United States . It is a suburb of Memphis , Tennessee , and a principal city in the Memphis metropolitan area . The 2010 census reported a population of 48,982 , making Southaven the third largest city in Mississippi . Southaven is traversed from north to south by the I-55/I-69 freeway . The city 's name derives from the fact that Southaven is located south of Whitehaven , a neighborhood in Memphis . The Memphis Hustle are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League announced to begin play for the 2017–18 season as an affiliate of the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . Based in the Memphis suburb of Southaven , Mississippi , the team will play their home games at the Landers Center .
The European route E 22 is one of the longest European routes . It has a length of about 5320 km . Many of the E-roads have been extended into Asia since the year 2000 ; the E 22 was extended on 24 June 2002 . Zīlāni is a village in Kūkas parish , Krustpils municipality , Latvia . It is located 3 km northeast of Jēkabpils town . The village lies on the A12 road , which is part of the E22 . The village was formerly connected by railway but its station closed in 1995 .
Sterlite Industries ( India ) Ltd. is a subsidiary of Vedanta Resources plc , a diversified and integrated metals and mining group . The company is based in Mumbai , India . On 31 March 2013 , the company 's market capitalisation was INR 31,490 crores ( US $ 5.79 billion ) . < br > Vedanta Resources plc is a global diversified metals and mining company with its headquarters in London , United Kingdom . It is the largest mining and non-ferrous metals company in India and has mining operations in Australia and Zambia and oil and gas operations in three countries . Its main products are copper , zinc , aluminium , lead , iron ore and petroleum . It is also developing commercial power stations in India in Odisha ( 2,400 MW ) and Punjab ( 1,980 MW ) . The company is principally owned by Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal through Volcan Investments , a holding vehicle with a 61.7 % stake in the business .
Sierra Nevada Corporation ( SNC ) is an American privately held electronic systems provider and systems integrator specializing in microsatellites , telemedicine , and commercial orbital transportation services . Sierra Nevada Corporation operates under the leadership of Chief Executive Officer , Fatih Ozmen and President , Eren Ozmen . The company contracts with the United States Armed Forces , NASA and private spaceflight companies . It is headquartered in Sparks , Nevada . SpaceDev , a part of the "Space Systems Business" of Sierra Nevada Corporation , is prominent for its spaceflight and microsatellite work . It designed and built components for the hybrid rocket motors for Paul Allen 's Tier One suborbital SpaceShipOne space program operated by Scaled Composites . It is also developing micro- and nano-satellites , a small expendable launch vehicle , the SpaceDev Streaker , and has designed a piloted suborbital and orbital spaceship of its own , the SpaceDev Dream Chaser , in collaboration with NASA .
Nippon Professional Baseball ( 日本野球機構 , Nippon Yakyū Kikō ) or NPB is the highest level of baseball in Japan . Locally , it is often called Puro Yakyū ( プロ野球 ) , meaning "Professional Baseball" . Outside Japan , it is often just referred to as "Japanese baseball" . The roots of the league can be traced back to the formation of the "Greater Japan Tokyo Baseball Club" ( 大日本東京野球倶楽部 , Dai-Nippon Tōkyō Yakyū Kurabu ) in 1934 and the original Japanese Baseball League . NPB was formed when that league reorganized in 1950 . Koichi Sekikawa ( 関川 浩一 , Sekikawa Kōichi , born April 1 , 1969 in Chōfu , Tokyo , Japan ) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball outfielder .
The mulga apple is an Australian bush tucker food , often eaten by Aborigines of Central Australia . Indigenous Australians are the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people of Australia , descended from groups that existed in Australia and surrounding islands prior to British colonisation . The time of arrival of the first Indigenous Australians is a matter of debate among researchers . The earliest definitely human remains found in Australia are those of Mungo Man LM3 and Mungo Lady , which have been dated to around 50,000 years BP . Recent archaeological evidence from the analysis of charcoal and artifacts revealing human use has pushed this date back further to around 65,000 B.P . Luminescence dating has suggested habitation in Arnhem Land as far back as 60,000 years BP . Genetic research has inferred a date of habitation as early as 80,000 years BP .
The New York Mets are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of Queens . The Mets compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) East division . The Mets are one of two Major League clubs based in New York City ; the other is the New York Yankees . German Amed Valdez Rosario ( born November 20 , 1995 ) is a Dominican professional baseball shortstop for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Muz-TV ( Муз-ТВ , from Музыкальное телевидение - Music Television ) is a Russian music TV channel , broadcasting since 1996 , as a MTV version on Russian language . It is largely modelled after western MTV and predates launching of MTV Russia in 1998 . Muz TV was founded by Sergey Lisovskiy . The general director of Muz-TV is Arman Davletarov . Today Muz-TV is owned by UTH Russia , which is , in turn , 49 % owned by The Walt Disney Company . MTV Russia ( Russian : MTV Россия ) is a Russian language free-to-air 24-hour music and general entertainment channel broadcasting in the Russian Federation . Under a licensing agreement from Viacom International Media Networks the channel was operated by Prof Media . From June 2013 , VIMN Russia announced it would operate the channel after the agreement between both media organizations ceased . VIMN Russia relaunched the channel MTV Russia channel on October 1 , 2013 and is also served by mtv.ru .
The Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission ( ERLC ) is the public policy arm of the Southern Baptist Convention , the largest non-Catholic Christian denomination in the United States , with over 16 million members in over 43,000 independent churches . As of June 1 , 2013 , the ERLC is headed by Russell D. Moore and is headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee , with additional offices in Washington , D.C. and Cyprus . Russell D. Moore is an American evangelical theologian , ethicist , and preacher . He is currently president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission , the public-policy arm of the Southern Baptist Convention ( SBC ) . Moore previously served at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , one of six seminaries of the SBC , as dean of the School of Theology , senior vice president for academic administration , and as professor of Christian theology and ethics .
Black ( Bengali : ব্ল্যাক ) is a Bangladeshi rock band , formed in Dhaka , Bangladesh . The Maine is an American rock band from Tempe , Arizona , formed in 2007 . Their first release , the EP "Stay Up , Get Down" was released in late 2007 , followed by a five-song EP titled "The Way We Talk" on December 11 , 2007 . The band 's first full-length album , "Ca n't Stop Wo n't Stop" was released July 8 , 2008. "... And a Happy New Year" was released in December 2008 . Their second full-length album , "Black & White" , ( July 13 , 2010 ) sold 22,634 copies in its first week . On December 6 , 2011 , the group 's third album , "Pioneer" , was released and it peaked at No . 90 on the Billboard 200 . Their fourth full-length record "Forever Halloween" ( June 4 , 2013 ) reached No . 39 on the Billboard 200 by selling over 10,000 copies in its first week and was followed by its deluxe edition on June 17 , 2014 . Their fifth studio album , "American Candy" , was released on March 31 , 2015. "Lovely Little Lonely" , their sixth full-length record , was released on April 7 , 2017 .
The Blue Ridge Music Center is a music venue , museum , and visitor center located at milepost 213 on the Blue Ridge Parkway near Galax , Virginia . The center celebrates the music and musicians of the Blue Ridge Mountains through concerts , exhibits , and programs that highlight living musical heritage of the Blue Ridge region and interpret its significance within the larger landscape of American music and culture . The site is operated through a partnership between the National Park Service and Blue Ridge Parkway Foundation . The Music Center operates May through October . Free Midday Mountain Music acoustic sessions featuring local musicians are offered from noon to 4 p.m. daily . Concerts are offered most Saturdays during the season and include old-time , bluegrass , folk , Americana , gospel , and country blues performances . The Roots of American Music Museum on site showcases the region 's rich musical heritage . Admission to the museum is free . The Blue Ridge Parkway is a National Parkway and All-American Road in the United States , noted for its scenic beauty . The parkway , which is America 's longest linear park , runs for 469 mi through 29 Virginia and North Carolina counties , linking Shenandoah National Park to Great Smoky Mountains National Park . It runs mostly along the spine of the Blue Ridge , a major mountain chain that is part of the Appalachian Mountains . Its southern terminus is at U.S. 441 on the boundary between Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Cherokee Indian Reservation in North Carolina , from which it travels north to Shenandoah National Park in Virginia . The roadway continues through Shenandoah as Skyline Drive , a similar scenic road which is managed by a different National Park Service unit .
H. Sawin Millett Jr. ( born October 8 , 1937 ) is a Maine politician . A Republican , Millett served as the Commissioner of Administrative and Financial Services in the administration of Governor Paul LePage from 2011 to 2014 . In January 2011 , Millett was unanimously approved as Commissioner by the Maine Senate , with key Democrats also endorsing his appointment . In December 2011 , a poll of policymakers by the Bangor Daily News ranked Millett as the ninth most influential person in Maine politics . The Bangor Daily News is an American newspaper covering a large portion of rural Maine , published six days per week in Bangor , Maine .
"The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase" is the twenty-fourth episode of the eighth season of "The Simpsons" . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on May 11 , 1997 . The episode centers on fictional pilot episodes of non-existent television series derived from "The Simpsons" , and is a parody of the tendency of networks to spin off characters from a hit series . As such it includes references to many different TV series . The first fictional spin-off is "Chief Wiggum P.I . ", a cop-drama featuring Chief Wiggum and Seymour Skinner . The second is "The Love-matic Grampa" , a sitcom featuring Moe Szyslak who receives dating advice from Abraham Simpson , whose ghost is possessing a love testing machine . The final segment is "The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour" , a variety show featuring the Simpson family except for Lisa , who has been replaced . Troy McClure is a fictional character from the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons" . He was voiced by Phil Hartman and first appeared in the second season episode "Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment" . McClure is usually shown doing low-level work , such as hosting infomercials and educational films . He appears as the main character in "A Fish Called Selma" , in which he marries Selma Bouvier to aid his failing career and quash rumors about his personal life . McClure also 'hosts ' "The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular" and "The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase" .
Stanley Kubrick ( ; July 26 , 1928 – March 7 , 1999 ) was an American film director , screenwriter , producer , cinematographer , editor , and photographer . He is frequently cited as one of the greatest and most influential directors in cinematic history . His films , which are mostly adaptations of novels or short stories , cover a wide range of genres , and are noted for their realism , dark humor , unique cinematography , extensive set designs , and evocative use of music . Kenneth John "Kenny" Ortega ( born April 18 , 1950 ) is an American producer , director , and choreographer . He is best known for directing "Hocus Pocus" , the "High School Musical" trilogy , "Descendants" and Michael Jackson 's "This Is It" concerts .
TMNT is a single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game starring the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . It is based on the 2007 film of the same name , and was released three days before the actual movie 's release for the Xbox 360 , Wii , PlayStation 2 , Nintendo GameCube , Nintendo DS , and PlayStation Portable , as well as for the PC on March 20 , 2007 . TMNT is a 2007 computer-animated fantasy action film written and directed by Kevin Munroe . Based on the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" comic book series , the film stars Chris Evans , Sarah Michelle Gellar , Mako , Kevin Smith , Patrick Stewart and Zhang Ziyi . Mako died in July 2006 , making "TMNT" his final film role . The film is dedicated to him .
The 2016 Brit Awards were held on 24 February 2016 and was the 36th edition of the British Phonographic Industry 's annual pop music awards . The awards ceremony was held at The O2 in London and were presented by Ant & Dec. Award nominations were revealed on 14 January 2016 . British fashion designer Pam Hogg has designed the trophies for this year 's ceremony , styling the BRIT statue . Anthony McPartlin , OBE ( born 18 November 1975 ) and Declan Donnelly , OBE ( born 25 September 1975 ) , known collectively as Ant & Dec , are an English comedy TV presenting , television producing , acting and former music duo from Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Iftikhar Ahmed ( born 3 September 1990 ) is a Pakistani cricketer . He was the top-scorer for Pakistan A in their two-day match against England in October 2015 . He made his One Day International debut on 13 November 2015 during the same tour . He made his Test debut against England on 11 August 2016 . Gauhar Ali ( born 5 May 1989 ) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who plays for Peshawar . He made 145 not out in the final of the 2016–17 Regional One Day Cup and was jointly named man of the match along with Iftikhar Ahmed .
Formula One 2001 is a racing video game for the PlayStation and PlayStation 2 developed by Studio 33 ( PS ) and Sony Studio Liverpool ( PS2 ) and published by Sony Computer Entertainment . It was released on 20 April 2001 in Europe , 24 September in North America and 11 October in Japan . The PlayStation 2 version was the first game to support the Logitech GT Force racing wheel . The PlayStation 2 ( PS2 ) is a home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment . It is the successor to the PlayStation , and is the second installment in the PlayStation lineup of consoles . It was released on March 4 , 2000 in Japan , October 26 , 2000 in North America , November 24 , 2000 in Europe , and November 17 , 2000 in Australia . It competed with Sega 's Dreamcast , Microsoft 's Xbox , and Nintendo 's GameCube in the sixth generation of video game consoles .
King and the Clown ( , lit . "The King 's Man" ) is a 2005 South Korean historical drama film , starring Kam Woo-sung , Jung Jin-young and Lee Joon-gi . It was adapted from the 2000 stage play , "Yi" ( "You" ) about Yeonsangun of Joseon , a Joseon dynasty king and a court clown who mocks him . It was released on 29 December 2005 , runs for 119 minutes ; and distributed domestically by Cinema Service and internationally by CJ Entertainment . Kang Sung-yeon ( born July 21 , 1976 ) is a South Korean actress . Kang made her acting debut in 1996 through MBC 's Open Recruitment . Although her main profession was acting , she also contributed songs to several soundtracks and released two albums in 2001-2002 under the stage name Bobo . Then in 2005 , Kang rose to fame when she played Prince Yeonsan 's concubine Jang Nok-su in "King and the Clown" , a period film that drew 12.3 admissions , making it ( at the time ) the highest-grossing domestic film in Korean cinema history . Kang continued to star in television dramas such as "Let 's Get Married" ( 2005 ) , "New Wise Mother , Good Wife" ( 2007 ) , "Single Dad in Love" ( 2008 ) , "Tazza" ( 2008 ) , and "Wife Returns" ( 2009 ) . From 2012 to 2014 , she hosted her own poetry reading program on EBS Radio .
Pinanga is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family , native to New Guinea and to eastern and southern Asia ( India , China , Indonesia , Philippines , Indonesia , etc. ) . Alopecurus , or foxtail grass , is a common and widespread genus of plants in the grass family . It is common across temperate and subtropical parts of Eurasia , northern Africa , and the Americas , as well as naturalized in Australia and on various islands .
( , Foochow Romanized : Diòng-lŏ̤h ) is a district located in eastern Fujian province , China . Administered by Fuzhou , it occupies a land area of 648 km2 and a sea area of 1327 km2 . Changle was established in the sixth year of Emperor Wu-De ( 623 AD ) during the Tang Dynasty , and it became a county-level city on February 18 , 1994 . The district faces East China Sea and is connected to Mawei district by the Min River . Due to an increase in businesses , the province is now one of the richest province in China . The city was upgraded into a district on August 2017 by a government proposal . Longkou ( ) , formerly Huang County ( ) , is a port city in northeastern Shandong province , China , facing the Bohai Sea to the north and the Laizhou Bay to the west . Longkou , a county-level city , is administered by the prefecture-level city of Yantai . The total population of Longkou is 620,000 .
Genealogy is an Armenian supergroup that was formed to represent Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 . Five of the six members come from a different continent of the Armenian diaspora whose families once spread all over the world after the Armenian Genocide of 1915 . The five artists from the diaspora also symbolize the five petals of the forget-me-not ( official logo of the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide , commemorated in April 2015 ) , while the center of the flower is represented by the sixth artist , actually from the Republic of Armenia . The Eurovision Song Contest 2015 was the 60th edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest musical event . The contest took place in Vienna , Austria , following Austrian Conchita Wurst 's victory in the 2014 edition . This was the second time that Austria hosted the contest ; the 1967 edition being the first ( also hosted in Vienna ) . The 2015 contest consisted of two semi-finals , which took place on 3-4 October , and a final , held on 5 October 2015 . The shows were presented by Mirjam Weichselbraun , Alice Tumler and Arabella Kiesbauer while Conchita Wurst was hosting the green room . Forty countries participated in the contest , with Australia making a guest appearance , and Cyprus , the Czech Republic , and Serbia returning . Ukraine , however , announced their withdrawal due to financial and political reasons around the Ukrainian crisis .
Pantone Inc. is a corporation headquartered in Carlstadt , New Jersey . The company is best known for its Pantone Matching System ( PMS ) , a proprietary color space used in a variety of industries , primarily printing , though sometimes in the manufacture of colored paint , fabric , and plastics . Hexachrome is a six-color printing process designed by Pantone Inc . In addition to custom CMYK inks , Hexachrome uses orange and green inks to expand the color gamut for better color reproduction . It is therefore also known as a CMYKOG process .
The OFC U-20 Championship 1986 was a soccer tournament held at the Mount Smart Stadium in Auckland , New Zealand . It also served as qualification for the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship . Mt Smart Stadium ( formerly known as Ericsson Stadium and temporarily as "Manu Vatuvei Stadium" ) is a stadium in Auckland , New Zealand . It is the home ground of National Rugby League team , the New Zealand Warriors . Built within the quarried remnants of the Rarotonga / Mount Smart volcanic cone , it is located 10 kilometres south of the city centre , in the suburb of Penrose .
Domingo "Sam" Samudio ( born 28 February 1937 , Dallas , Texas ) , better known by his stage name Sam the Sham , is a retired American rock and roll singer . Sam the Sham was known for his camp robe and turban and hauling his equipment in a 1952 Packard hearse with maroon velvet curtains . As the front man for the Pharaohs , he sang on several Top 40 hits in the mid-1960s , notably the "Billboard" Hot 100 runners up "Wooly Bully" and "Li ' l Red Riding Hood" . Leonard Stogel ( September 23 , 1934 - May 25 , 1979 ) , music business manager/promoter/producer/executive for music festivals California Jam and California Jam II , and Canada Jam . He also managed Sweathog , The Cowsills , Sam the Sham , Tommy James & The Shondells , Redbone , Gentle Giant , Napoleon XIV , The Royal Guardsmen , and other musical groups . Coincidentally , Stogel 's parents , Julius and Doris ( Eisenberg ) Stogel , had earlier perished on American Airlines Flight 1 . He died when American Airlines Flight 191 crashed on May 25 , 1979 .
The Fray is an American pop rock band from Denver , Colorado . Formed in 2002 by schoolmates Isaac Slade and Joe King , they achieved success with the release of their debut album , "How to Save a Life" in 2005 , which was certified double platinum by the RIAA and platinum in Australia , Canada , New Zealand and the UK . The Fray achieved national success with their first single , "Over My Head ( Cable Car )" , which became a top ten hit in the United States . The release of their second single , "How to Save a Life" , brought the band worldwide fame . The song charted in the top three of the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was a top 5 single in Australia , Canada , Ireland , Italy , Spain , Sweden , and the United Kingdom . Goldfinger is an American rock band from Los Angeles , California that formed in 1994 . The band is widely considered to have been a contributor to the movement of third-wave ska , a mid-1990s revitalization in the popularity of ska . However , the releases of "Open Your Eyes" and "Disconnection Notice" , have been more commonly placed as punk rock genre . Apart from the band 's music , Goldfinger is also noted for their political activism , particularly in the area of animal rights .
Sean Michael Carroll ( ; born October 5 , 1966 ) is a cosmologist and physics professor specializing in dark energy and general relativity . He is a research professor in the Department of Physics at the California Institute of Technology . He has been a contributor to the physics blog Cosmic Variance , and has published in scientific journals and magazines such as "Nature" , "The New York Times" , "Sky & Telescope" , and "New Scientist" . Cosmic Variance is a collaborative weblog discussing physics , astrophysics , and other topics , written by JoAnne Hewett , Mark Trodden , Sean Carroll , Risa Wechsler , Julianne Dalcanton , John Conway , and Daniel Holz . It is the successor to Carroll 's earlier blog Preposterous Universe , which began in early 2004 and ran through much of 2005 . The blog 's name comes from the cosmology concept of cosmic variance .
The Big East Conference was a collegiate athletics conference that consisted of as many as 16 universities in the eastern half of the United States from 1979 to 2013 . The conference 's members participated in 24 NCAA sports . Three members had football programs but were not Big East football schools : Notre Dame football was independent while Georgetown and Villanova competed in the Football Championship Subdivision . Another five schools—DePaul , Marquette , Seton Hall , St. John 's , and Providence—discontinued or did not have football programs . The 1998 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1998 NCAA Division I-A football season . It was the Mountaineers ' 106th overall and 8th season as a member of the Big East Conference ( Big East ) . The team was led by head coach Don Nehlen , in his 19th year , and played their home games at Mountaineer Field in Morgantown , West Virginia . They finished the season with a record of eight wins and four losses ( 8–4 overall , 5–2 in the Big East ) and with a loss against Missouri in the Insight.com Bowl .
The Naval Chapel at Garden Island dockyard is the oldest Christian chapel of the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) . It was established in 1902 after conversion from the former sail loft , and has stained glass windows and plaques from that era to the present . The building is the oldest on Garden Island , two storey , built of stuccoed brick with stone sills , arches and columns . The original loft floor of timber remains , caulked with oakum and bitumen . The Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) is the naval branch of the Australian Defence Force . Following the Federation of Australia in 1901 , the ships and resources of the separate colonial navies were integrated into a national force : the Commonwealth Naval Forces . Originally intended for local defence , the navy was granted the title of 'Royal Australian Navy ' in 1911 , and became increasingly responsible for defence of the region .
McCarran International Airport ( IATA : LAS , ICAO : KLAS , FAA LID : LAS ) is the primary commercial airport serving the Las Vegas Valley , a major metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Nevada . It is located in Paradise , about 5 mi south of Downtown Las Vegas . The airport is owned by Clark County and operated by the Clark County Department of Aviation . It is named after the late U.S . Senator Pat McCarran , a member of the Democratic Party who contributed to the development of aviation both in Las Vegas and on a national scale . Henderson Executive Airport ( IATA : HSH , ICAO : KHND , FAA LID : HND ) is a public airport located 11 NM south of the central business district of Las Vegas , in Clark County , Nevada , United States . The airport is owned by Clark County and operated by the Clark County Department of Aviation . According to the FAA 's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009-2013 , it is categorized as a "reliever airport" . It was originally known as Sky Harbor Airport , but was renamed in 1996 when it was purchased by Clark County to be used as a reliever airport for McCarran International Airport .
Henry V is a 1944 British Technicolor film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's play of the same name . The on-screen title is The Chronicle History of King Henry the Fift with His Battell Fought at Agin Court in France ( the title of the 1600 quarto edition of the play ) . It stars Laurence Olivier , who also directed . The play was adapted for the screen by Olivier , Dallas Bower , and Alan Dent . The score is by William Walton . Suite from Henry V is a 1963 orchestral arrangement of William Walton 's musical score from the 1944 film "Henry V" . The suite , arranged by Muir Mathieson , is in five movements , although the second and fourth movements had already appeared in string arrangement form in Walton 's own Two Pieces for Strings from Henry V .
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the Comedy Central television network . The show revolves around four boys—Stan Marsh , Kyle Broflovski , Eric Cartman , and Kenny McCormick—and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town . Much like "The Simpsons" , "South Park" uses a very large ensemble cast of recurring characters and became infamous for its profanity and dark , surreal humor that satirizes a wide range of topics towards a mature audience . "The Death Camp of Tolerance" is the fourteenth episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series "South Park" , and the 93rd overall episode of the series . It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 20 , 2002 . In the episode , Mr. Garrison tries to get fired from his new job as the fourth grade teacher at South Park Elementary by being overtly and explicitly homosexual in front of the students , but is unable to as the rest of the faculty and the children 's parents are desperate to appear tolerant of his homosexuality . The boys do not share their sentiments , and as punishment for not tolerating Garrison 's outrageous behavior , they are sent to a Nazi-esque "tolerance camp ." All of the scenes inside the camp are shown in black-and-white , a homage to "Schindler 's List" .
Marine Air Control Group 48 ( MACG-48 ) is a United States Marine Corps aviation command and control unit based at Naval Station Great Lakes that is currently composed of 4 squadrons that provide the 4th Marine Aircraft Wing and Marine Forces Reserve with a tactical headquarters , positive and procedural control of aircraft , air defense and aviation command and control . Naval Station Great Lakes ( NAVSTA Great Lakes ) is the home of the United States Navy 's only boot camp , located near North Chicago , in Lake County , Illinois . Important tenant commands include the Recruit Training Command , Training Support Center and Navy Recruiting District Chicago . Naval Station Great Lakes is the largest military installation in Illinois and the largest training station in the Navy . The base has 1,153 buildings situated on 1628 acre and has 50 mi of roadway to provide access to the base 's facilities . Within the naval service , it has several different nicknames , including "" The Quarterdeck of the Navy"" , or the more derogatory "" Great Mistakes"" .
Ashanti Shequoiya Douglas ( born October 13 , 1980 ) , known simply as Ashanti , is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer and actress . Ashanti is known for her eponymous debut album , which featured the hit song "Foolish" , and sold over 505,000 copies throughout the U.S. in its first week of release in April 2002 . In 2003 , the album won Ashanti her first Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R & B album . Her second release achieved Platinum status and other top 10 singles . Chapter II is the second studio album by American R & B singer Ashanti , released by Murder Inc. and Island Def Jam on July 1 , 2003 in the United States . The album involves production by Irv Gotti and Chink Santana and features a guest appearance by Ja Rule . "Chapter II" spawned three singles including the "Billboard" Hot 100 number two song "Rock Wit U ( Awww Baby )" , the R & B-ballad "Rain on Me" and the Irv Gotti-produced "Breakup 2 Makeup ( Remix )" .
Brideville Football Club was an Irish association football club , originally based in The Liberties , Dublin . They were active during the 1920s , 1930s and 1940s , playing in both the League of Ireland and the Leinster Senior League . They were the first ever winners of the FAI Junior Cup and also played in two FAI Cup finals . The Liberties ( Irish : Na Saoirsí or occasionally Na Libirtí ) is an area in central Dublin , Ireland , located to the southwest of the inner city . One of Dublin 's most historic working-class neighbourhoods , the area is traditionally associated with social housing , market traders , local family-owned businesses , as well as whiskey distilling , it is now also a centre of enterprise and commercial life in the heart of the city . Today the historic city quarter sits side by side with dynamic media and tech hubs and highly respected medical and education centres .
Anneliese Michel ] ( 21 September 1952 – 1 July 1976 ) was a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death . Later investigation determined that she was malnourished and dehydrated ; her parents and the priests responsible were charged with negligent homicide . She was diagnosed with epileptic psychosis ( temporal lobe epilepsy ) and had a history of psychiatric treatment , which was overall not effective . Her condition worsened with her displaying various other symptoms which she took medication for as well . Michel and her family became convinced she was possessed by demons . The case attracted media and public attention because of the priests ' unusual decision to employ a 400-year-old ritual of exorcism . The film "The Exorcism of Emily Rose" is loosely based on her story . Erich Schmidt-Leichner ( 14 October 1910 – 17 March 1983 ) was a German lawyer who made a name as a distinguished defense counsel at the Nuremberg Trials ( 1945 - 1946 ) . In 1978 , he was a defense counsel in the "Klingenberg Case" ( Anneliese Michel ) , where a married couple were accused of negligent homicide for failing to call a medical doctor during an exorcism of their daughter .
Chris Hemsworth ( born 11 August 1983 ) is an Australian actor . He is known for playing Kim Hyde in the Australian TV series "Home and Away" ( 2004-07 ) and Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe since 2011 . Hemsworth has also appeared in the science fiction action film "Star Trek" ( 2009 ) , the thriller adventure "A Perfect Getaway" ( 2009 ) , the horror comedy "The Cabin in the Woods" ( 2012 ) , the dark-fantasy action film "Snow White and the Huntsman" ( 2012 ) , the war film "Red Dawn" ( 2012 ) , and the biographical sports drama film "Rush" ( 2013 ) . Thor : The Dark World is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Thor , produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures . It is the sequel to 2011 's "Thor" and the eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . The film was directed by Alan Taylor , with a screenplay by Christopher Yost and Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely . It stars Chris Hemsworth , Natalie Portman , Tom Hiddleston , Anthony Hopkins , Stellan Skarsgård , Idris Elba , Christopher Eccleston , Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje , Kat Dennings , Ray Stevenson , Zachary Levi , Tadanobu Asano , Jaimie Alexander , and Rene Russo . In "Thor : The Dark World" , Thor teams up with Loki to save the Nine Realms from the Dark Elves led by the vengeful Malekith , who intends to plunge the universe into darkness .
The Beaulieu Mine was a post-World War II gold mining operation near Yellowknife , Northwest Territories . It entered production in October 1947 , but by the end of November only 7 troy ounces ( 220 g ) of rough gold were recovered . Additional gold was recovered during 1948 , but altogether the mine recovered only 30 troy ounces ( 930 g ) of fine gold . The operation folded in chaos and bankruptcy . The Colomac Mine was a privately owned and operated open pit gold mine located 220 km northwest of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories in Canada . The Colomac mine operated between 1990–1992 , and 1994–1997 . It was operated by Neptune Resources Limited that had little success in making a profit during its operation . In 1994 , the mine had reopened under Royal Oak Mines Inc . Both Neptune Resources and Royal Oak Mines where both owned and operated by Peggy Witte . Due to low gold prices and high cost of mining , Royal Oak Mines was forced into bankruptcy . The Federal Government of Canada became owners of the mine , along with the related environmental issues . A major cleanup effort is under way to prevent the mine from polluting the environment , but this might be too late at this stage . This mine is now owned and controlled by the Indigenous and Northern Affairs department of the Federal government , while Public Works and Government services is the current contracting authority .
Tim Hecker is an electronic musician and sound artist based in Los Angeles , United States and Montreal , Canada . Hecker previously recorded under the moniker Jetone , but has become known internationally for ambient recordings released under his own name , such as "Harmony in Ultraviolet" ( 2006 ) and "Ravedeath , 1972" ( 2011 ) . He has released eight albums and a number of EPs in addition to collaborations with artists such as Ben Frost , Daniel Lopatin , and Aidan Baker . His latest album "Love Streams" was released on his new label 4AD on 8 April 2016 . Ravedeath , 1972 is the sixth studio album by Canadian electronic music musician Tim Hecker , released on February 14 , 2011 by Kranky . Musically sparse , the album was recorded primarily in Frikirkjan Church , Reykjavík , with contributions from Ben Frost . The album 's central theme is of the degradation of music itself . Critical response was largely warm , with many reviewers acknowledging the album as Hecker 's finest .
The Center for Organizational Research and Education ( CORE ) , formerly the Center for Consumer Freedom ( CCF ) and prior to that the Guest Choice Network , is an American non-profit entity founded by Richard Berman that lobbies on behalf of the fast food , meat , alcohol and tobacco industries . It describes itself as "dedicated to protecting consumer choices and promoting common sense ." Experts on non-profit law have questioned the validity of the group 's non-profit status in "The Chronicle of Philanthropy" and other publications , while commentators from Rachel Maddow to Michael Pollan have treated the group as an entity that specializes in astroturfing . Rachel Anne Maddow ( , ; born April 1 , 1973 ) is an American television host , political commentator , and author .
Juan Manuel Márquez Méndez ( born August 23 , 1973 ) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2014 . He is the third Mexican boxer ( after Érik Morales and Jorge Arce ) to become a four-weight world champion , having formerly held nine world championships including the WBA ( Super ) , IBF , and WBO featherweight titles between 2003 and 2007 ; the WBC super featherweight title from 2007 to 2008 ; the WBA ( Super ) , WBO , "Ring" magazine , and lineal lightweight titles between 2008 and 2012 ; and the WBO junior welterweight title from 2012 to 2013 . Rafael Márquez Méndez ( born 25 March 1975 ) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1995 to 2013 . He is a two-time world champion in two weight classes , having held the IBF bantamweight title from 2003 to 2007 ; and the WBC , "Ring" magazine , and lineal super bantamweight titles in 2007 . He also held the IBO bantamweight title from 2005 to 2007 , and challenged once for WBO featherweight title in 2011 . Márquez was known for his formidable knockout power and relentless pressure fighting style . His older brother Juan Manuel Márquez is also a professional boxer and multiple-time world champion .
The Oklahoma Sooners men 's basketball team represents the University of Oklahoma in men 's NCAA Division I basketball . The Sooners play in the Big 12 Conference . Steven Michael Henson ( born February 2 , 1968 ) is a retired American professional basketball player , who was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 2nd round ( 44th overall ) of the 1990 NBA draft . He is an assistant basketball coach at the University of Oklahoma under his former college coach Lon Kruger . On April 1 , 2016 , Henson was hired as the head coach at the University of Texas at San Antonio and assumed his new position after the Sooners ' exit from the NCAA Tournament the following day .
Quesnelia is a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae , subfamily Bromelioideae . The genus is named For M. Quesnel , French consul to French Guiana . Endemic to eastern Brazil , this genus contains 22 known species . This genus has two recognized subgenera : the type subgenus and "Billbergiopsis" . Honeysuckles ( "Lonicera" , ; syn . "Caprifolium" Mill . ) are arching shrubs or twining bines in the family Caprifoliaceae , native to the Northern Hemisphere . Approximately 180 species of honeysuckle have been identified . About 100 of these species can be found in China and approximately 20 native species have been identified in Europe , 20 in India , and 20 in North America . Widely known species include "Lonicera periclymenum" ( honeysuckle or woodbine ) , "Lonicera japonica" ( Japanese honeysuckle , white honeysuckle , or Chinese honeysuckle ) and "Lonicera sempervirens" ( coral honeysuckle , trumpet honeysuckle , or woodbine honeysuckle ) . Hummingbirds are attracted to the flowers on some of these plants , especially "L. sempervirens" and "L. ciliosa" ( orange honeysuckle ) . Honeysuckle derives its name from the edible sweet nectar obtainable from its tubular flowers . The name "Lonicera" stems from Adam Lonicer , a Renaissance botanist .
Luke Stephen Clark ( born 24 May 1994 ) is an English footballer who is plays for Curzon Ashton . He can play either as a right back or as a central midfielder . Curzon Ashton Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in the market town of Ashton-under-Lyne , Greater Manchester , England , that competes in the National League North , the sixth-highest division overall in the English football league system , and are members of the Manchester County Football Association . Nicknamed "the Nash" , the club was founded in 1963 and moved to its current stadium , Tameside Stadium , in 2005 .
Shaoshan ( ) is a county-level city in Hunan Province , China . It is under the administration of Xiangtan prefecture-level City . Qingxi Town is its seat . Yixing ( ) is a county-level city with a population of 1.24 million administrated under the prefecture-level city of Wuxi in southern Jiangsu province , People 's Republic of China , and is part of the Yangtze River Delta . The city is known for its traditional Yixing clay ware .
Wheelock Whitney may refer to one of three members of the Whitney family : The Whitney family is an American family notable for their social prominence , wealth , business enterprises and philanthropy , founded by John Whitney ( 1592–1673 ) who came from London , England to Watertown , Massachusetts in 1635 . The historic family mansion in Watertown , known as The Elms , was built in 1710 .
Lars Sven "Lasse" Hallström ( ] ; born 2 June 1946 ) is a Swedish film director . He first became known for directing almost all music videos by pop group ABBA , and subsequently became a feature film director . He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for "My Life as a Dog ( Mitt liv som hund )" ( 1985 ) and later for "The Cider House Rules" ( 1999 ) . His other celebrated directorial works include "What 's Eating Gilbert Grape" ( 1993 ) and "Chocolat" ( 2000 ) . Dionciel ( Donny ) Armstrong ( born on December 29 , 1973 ) is an American writer , director , and producer in the film industry . He is currently the president and CEO of Mind Vision Productions . The youngest of five siblings , Armstrong was born and raised in Detroit , Michigan .
Universal Pictures ( also referred to as Universal Studios or simply Universal ) is an American film studio owned by Comcast through the Universal Filmed Entertainment Group division of its wholly owned subsidiary NBCUniversal . The company was founded in 1912 by Carl Laemmle , Mark Dintenfass , Charles O. Baumann , Adam Kessel , Pat Powers , William Swanson , David Horsley , Robert H. Cochrane , and Jules Brulatour , and is the oldest surviving film studio in the United States , the world 's fourth oldest after Gaumont , Pathé and Nordisk Film , and the oldest in terms of the overall film market . Its studios are located in Universal City , California , and its corporate offices are located in New York City . Simon Bloom is a series of young adult novels by Michael Reisman . Set in the fictional town of Lawnville , New Jersey , it is about a boy who finds a book that lets him control the laws of physics . The first of the books was optioned by Universal Pictures after a bidding war over the manuscript .
Carolyn Laurie Kane ( born June 18 , 1952 ) is an American stage , screen and television actress and comedian . She became known in the 1970s in films such as "Hester Street" ( for which she received an Academy Award nomination ) and "Annie Hall" . She appeared on the television series "Taxi" in the early 1980s , as the wife of Latka , the character played by Andy Kaufman , winning two Emmy Awards for her work . She has played the character of Madame Morrible in the musical "Wicked" , both in regional productions and on Broadway from 2005 to 2014 . Since 2015 , she has been a main cast member on the Netflix original series "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" , in which she plays Lillian Kaushtupper . Latka Gravas is a fictional character on the television sitcom "Taxi" portrayed by Andy Kaufman . A sweet-natured and lovable-but-goofy mechanic , Latka was based on a character Kaufman created known as Foreign Man .
Lilian Sukis ( born 29 June 1939 , Kaunas ) is a Canadian operatic soprano of Lithuanian birth . After earning diplomas from the University of Toronto and McMaster University , she made her professional opera debut in 1964 as Kate Pinkerton in Giacomo Puccini 's "Madama Butterfly" with the Canadian Opera Company . In 1965 she sang the role of Countess Almaviva in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's "The Marriage of Figaro" at the Stratford Festival . That same year she became a pupil at the Metropolitan Opera Studio and School . She made her debut at the Met in 1967 as Helen Niles in the world premiere of Marvin David Levy 's "Mourning Becomes Electra" . In 1969 she became a member of the Bavarian State Opera where she remained for more than 20 years . She has also appeared as a guest artist with several major opera houses and opera festivals internationally , including the Bayreuth Festival , the Frankfurt Opera , Graz , the Hamburg State Opera , the Salzburg Festival , and the Vienna State Opera among others . The Salzburg Festival ( German : "Salzburger Festspiele" ) is a prominent festival of music and drama established in 1920 . It is held each summer ( for five weeks starting in late July ) within the Austrian town of Salzburg , the birthplace of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . One highlight is the annual performance of the play "Jedermann" ( "Everyman" ) by Hugo von Hofmannsthal .
Nickolas Gene "Nick" Carter ( born January 28 , 1980 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actor , and dancer . He is best known as a member of the pop group the Backstreet Boys . As of 2015 , Carter has released three solo albums , "Now or Never" , "I 'm Taking Off" and "All American" during breaks between Backstreet Boys schedules , and a collaboration with Jordan Knight titled "Nick & Knight" . He has made occasional television appearances and starred in his own reality shows , "House of Carters" and "I ( Heart ) Nick Carter" . He gained fame in the mid 1990s and early 2000s as a teen idol . He is also the older brother of singer Aaron Carter and the late Leslie Carter . Brady Seals ( born March 29 , 1969 ) is an American country music artist . He is the cousin of Jim Seals ( of Seals & Crofts ) and Dan Seals and Johnny Duncan , the nephew of Troy Seals , and the husband of former BNA Records recording artist Lisa Stewart . Seals made his debut in 1988 as co-lead vocalist and keyboardist in the sextet Little Texas , with whom he recorded until his departure in late 1994 . Between then and 2002 , he recorded as a solo singer , releasing three studio albums and charting in the Top 40 on the country charts with "Another You , Another Me" . In 2002 , Seals formed a quartet called Hot Apple Pie , in which he has recorded one studio album and charted three singles . A fourth solo album , "Play Time" , was released in 2009 via Star City .
Jean Erdman ( born February 20 , 1916 ) is an American dancer and choreographer of modern dance as well as an avant-garde theater director . Ethel Winter ( June 18 , 1924 – March 10 , 2012 ) was an American ballet dancer and dance instructor . Winter was an early ballet dancer with the Martha Graham Dance Company from the 1940s to the 1960s , working with other notable early members of the company , including Martha Graham , Yuriko , Yuriko , Ethel Butler , Jean Erdman , and Patricia Birch . She later taught dance and ballet at the Juilliard School .
Andrew Shearer Gehling ( born October 16 , 1982 ) is an American stage and screen actor , best known for his role as Dr. Pomatter in the Broadway musical "Waitress" , Garry Marshall 's "Billy & Ray" , and as the voice of Gord in the 2006 video game Bully from Rockstar Games . Bully , originally released in the PAL region as Canis Canem Edit , is an action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar Vancouver and published by Rockstar Games . It was released on 17 October 2006 for PlayStation 2 . A remastered version of the game , subtitled "Scholarship Edition" , was developed by Mad Doc Software and released on 4 March 2008 for Xbox 360 and Wii , and on 21 October 2008 for Microsoft Windows . Bully was re-released on PlayStation 4 available via digital download from PlayStation Network on 22 March 2016 . An updated version of the "Scholarship Edition" , titled "Anniversary Edition" , was developed by War Drum Studios and was released for Android and iOS on 8 December 2016 .
Lantana is a genus of about 150 species of perennial flowering plants in the verbena family , Verbenaceae . They are native to tropical regions of the Americas and Africa but exist as an introduced species in numerous areas , especially in the Australian-Pacific region . The genus includes both herbaceous plants and shrubs growing to 0.5 - tall . Their common names are shrub verbenas or lantanas . The generic name originated in Late Latin , where it refers to the unrelated "Viburnum lantana" . Silybum ( milk thistle ) is a genus of two species of thistles in the ( daisy family ) . The plants are native to the Mediterranean regions of Europe , North Africa , and the Middle East . One species has been introduced elsewhere , including in North America . The name "milk thistle" derives from a feature of the leaves , which are prominently banded with splashes of white . Historically , these milky bands were said to be Mother Mary 's milk , and this is the origin of another common name , St. Mary 's thistle . The most widespread species is "Silybum marianum" .
Dakota Mayi Johnson ( born October 4 , 1989 ) is an American actress and model . She is the daughter of actors Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson . She had her screen debut alongside her mother in the comedy-drama "Crazy in Alabama" ( 1999 ) and was named Miss Golden Globe in 2006 . Following high school graduation , she returned to acting with roles in "The Social Network" ( 2010 ) , "Beastly" ( 2011 ) , "21 Jump Street" ( 2012 ) , "Need for Speed" ( 2014 ) and the short-lived comedy "Ben and Kate" ( 2012–2013 ) . Suspiria is an upcoming horror film directed by Luca Guadagnino and written by David Kajganich . It is an adaptation of the 1977 film "Suspiria" , and stars Dakota Johnson , Chloë Grace Moretz , Mia Goth , and Tilda Swinton . Jessica Harper , lead star of the original film , will also appear as a different character .
Warrel Dane ( born March 7 , 1969 ) is the lead singer of the American power metal band Sanctuary . He is also known as the former lead singer of currently inactive progressive metal band Nevermore . He is a natural baritone , though he was known for his high-pitched vocals with Serpent 's Knight and on the first two Sanctuary albums . Later in his career , Dane became more notable for his distinctively deep , dramatic voice . Roy Sætre Khantatat ( born March 12 , 1970 ) , is a Norwegian singer-songwriter . Commonly known as Roy Khan or simply Khan , he was the lead vocalist for the symphonic power metal band Kamelot from 1997 to his departure in 2011 . He co-wrote most of Kamelot 's songs with the band 's guitarist and founder Thomas Youngblood during his tenure . Prior to joining Kamelot , Khan was lead singer for the Norwegian progressive metal band Conception from 1991 until 1997 when they disbanded .
Sir Jagadish Chandra Bose , CSI , CIE , FRS ( ; ] ; 30 November 1858 – 23 November 1937 ) , also spelled Jagdish and Jagadis , was a Bengali polymath , physicist , biologist , biophysicist , botanist and archaeologist , and an early writer of science fiction . Living in British India , he pioneered the investigation of radio and microwave optics , made significant contributions to plant science , and laid the foundations of experimental science in the Indian subcontinent . IEEE named him one of the fathers of radio science . Bose is considered the father of Bengali science fiction , and also invented the crescograph , a device for measuring the growth of plants . A crater on the moon has been named in his honour . A crescograph is a device for measuring growth in plants . It was invented in the early 20th century by Sir Jagadish Chandra Bose .
Lieut . Samuel Leavitt ( 1641–1707 ) was an early colonial settler of Exeter , New Hampshire , one of the four original towns in the colony of New Hampshire , where Leavitt later served as a delegate to the General Court as well as Lieutenant in the New Hampshire Militia , and subsequently as member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives . The recipient of large grants of land in Rockingham County , Leavitt held positions of authority within the colonial province . The General Court of New Hampshire is the bicameral state legislature of the U.S. state of New Hampshire . The lower house is the New Hampshire House of Representatives with 400 members . The upper house is the New Hampshire Senate with 24 members .
Winter Hill is a hill on the border of the boroughs of Chorley , Blackburn with Darwen and Bolton , in North West England . It is located on Rivington Moor , Chorley and is 1496 ft high . Part of the West Pennine Moors , it is a popular walking area , and has been the site of mining activity , aeroplane disasters and murders . Dean Mills Reservoir is a small water reservoir to the north of the town of Bolton , Greater Manchester located high on the slopes of Winter Hill .
Salmonby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated 5.5 mi north-east from Horncastle , 10 mi south from Louth and 8 mi north-west from Spilsby . Salmonby lies within the Lincolnshire Wolds , a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty . Tetford lies to the north-east and Somersby to the south . Somersby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England . It is situated 6 mi north-west from Spilsby and 7 mi east-north-east from Horncastle . The village lies in the civil parish of Greetham with Somersby ( where the population is listed ) in the Lincolnshire Wolds , a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ; the parish covers about 600 acre .
Kristen Carroll Wiig ( ; born August 22 , 1973 ) is an American actress , comedian , writer , and producer . She is known for her work on the NBC sketch comedy series "Saturday Night Live" ( 2005–12 ) , and such films as "Bridesmaids" , "The Martian" , and "Ghostbusters" . Extract is a 2009 American comedy film written and directed by Mike Judge , and starring an ensemble cast featuring Jason Bateman , Mila Kunis , Kristen Wiig , and Ben Affleck , with J. K. Simmons , Clifton Collins , Jr. , and Dustin Milligan .
The 1998–99 NBA season was the Lakers ' 51st season in the National Basketball Association , and 39th in the city of Los Angeles . It was the Lakers ' final season at the Great Western Forum . During the offseason , the Lakers signed free agent Derek Harper . In his first season as a starter , Kobe Bryant finished second on the team in scoring with 19.9 points per game . At midseason , Eddie Jones and Elden Campbell were both traded to the Charlotte Hornets for All-Star forward Glen Rice , J.R. Reid and B.J . Armstrong , who was released and signed with the Orlando Magic . The Lakers move continued midway through the season , signing free agent and rebounding specialist Dennis Rodman , who was well known for winning championships with the Detroit Pistons and the Chicago Bulls . However , after 23 games , Rodman was released by the team . Dennis Keith Rodman ( born May 13 , 1961 ) is an American retired professional basketball player , who played for the Detroit Pistons , San Antonio Spurs , Chicago Bulls , Los Angeles Lakers , and Dallas Mavericks in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He was nicknamed "The Worm" and was known for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities .
Graffiti ( plural of "graffito" : "a graffito" , but "these graffiti" ) are writing or drawings that have been scribbled , scratched , or painted illicitly on a wall or other surface , often within public view . Graffiti range from simple written words to elaborate wall paintings , and they have existed since ancient times , with examples dating back to Ancient Egypt , Ancient Greece , and the Roman Empire . The Stieber Twins are a duo from Heidelberg , Germany , consisting of the brothers Martin ( Marshall Mar , a.k.a . Martin Jekyll ) and Christian ( Luxus Chris a.k.a . Christian Hyde ) . They are known as graffiti artists , breakdancers , rappers , hip hop producers and DJs .
Norwegians ( Norwegian : "nordmenn" ) are a Germanic ethnic group native to Norway . They share a common culture and speak the Norwegian language . Norwegian people and their descendants are found in migrant communities worldwide , notably in the United States , Canada , Australia , Argentina , Chile , Uruguay , Brazil , Mexico , New Zealand , United Kingdom and South Africa . Torstein Ellingsen ( born 7 August 1966 ) is a Norwegian drummer and music producer , known from a series of album recordings .
Peter Lawrence Buck ( born December 6 , 1956 ) is an American musician and songwriter who is best known as co-founder and lead guitarist of the alternative rock band R.E.M . "Electron Blue" is a song by American alternative rock band R.E.M . It was released as the third single from their thirteenth studio album "Around the Sun" on February 28 , 2005 . Written by group members Peter Buck , Mike Mills and Michael Stipe , the song features a synthesizer-heavy arrangement . Its lyrics describe an electric hallucinogenic drug made of light , a concept which was developed from a recurring dream of Stipe 's . Upon release as a single , "Electron Blue" peaked at numbers 43 and 26 on the singles charts of Ireland and the United Kingdom respectively . Michael Stipe performed on the "Around the Sun" tour with a blue band painted across his eyes as a reference to the song , his personal favorite from "Around the Sun" .
The Mazda 6 or Mazda6 ( known as the Mazda Atenza in China and Japan , derived from the Italian "attenzione" ) is a Midsize family produced by the Japanese car manufacturer Mazda since 2002 . It replaced the long-produced Mazda Capella ( 616 , 626 ) in 2002 . The Mazda6 sold more than one million units faster than all previous Mazdas . The Nissan Altima ( Japanese : 日産・アルティマ ) is a mid-size car which has been manufactured by Nissan since 1992 . It is a continuation of the Nissan Bluebird line , which began in 1957 . The Nissan Altima mainly competes against cars such as Chevrolet 's Malibu , Ford 's Fusion , Honda 's Accord , Hyundai 's Sonata , Mazda 's Mazda6 , Subaru 's Legacy , Kia 's Optima , Toyota 's Camry and Volkswagen 's Passat .
The University of New South Wales ( UNSW ; branded as UNSW Sydney ) is an Australian public research university located in the Sydney suburb of Kensington . Established in 1949 , it is regarded as one of the world 's leading universities , ranked 3rd in Australia , 45th in the world , and 1st in New South Wales according to the 2017 "QS World University Rankings" . Purbanchal University ( PU ) is a public university in Biratnagar , the economic centre of Nepal . It was established in 1993 by the government of Nepal . It is on over 545 hectares .
Johan Leysen ( born 19 February 1950 ) is a Belgian actor . He has appeared in more than 130 films and television shows since 1977 . He starred in the film "De grens" , which was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival . In 1998 he won the Golden Calf for Best Actor for his role in the movie "Felice ... Felice ..." . In the 2010 film "The American" , he appeared as Pavel , mysterious handler of Jack , the assassin character played by George Clooney . George Timothy Clooney ( born May 6 , 1961 ) is an American actor , director , producer , screenwriter , activist , businessman , and philanthropist . He has received three Golden Globe Awards for his work as an actor and two Academy Awards , one for acting in "Syriana" ( 2006 ) and the other for co-producing "Argo" ( 2012 ) .
Of Mice & Men ( often abbreviated OM & M ) is an American metalcore band from Orange County , California . The band 's lineup currently consists of lead vocalist and bassist Aaron Pauley , lead guitarist Phil Manansala , rhythm guitarist Alan Ashby , and drummer Valentino Arteaga . The group was founded by Austin Carlile and Jaxin Hall in mid-2009 after Carlile 's departure from Attack Attack ! . Since 2009 , the band has released four studio albums . Carlile departed from the band in December 2016 citing that a long term health condition prompted his exit . After Carlile 's departure the band continue to pursue creating music with Pauley taking on both bassist and lead vocalist duties . Glass Cloud was an American metalcore band from Hampton , Virginia formed by Jerry Roush , Joshua Travis , Travis Sykes , and Chad Hasty in late 2011 . The band released their debut album , "The Royal Thousand" on July 10 , 2012 via Equal Vision Records in the United States and Basick Records in the United Kingdom . Lead vocalist Roush was formerly the vocalist of Sky Eats Airplane and Of Mice & Men , while Joshua Travis was the guitarist for The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza until 2012. "Perfect War Forever" EP , and was released October 22 , 2013 via Equal Vision Records .
Sarah Winnemucca Hopkins ( born "Thocmentony" , meaning "Shell Flower" in Northern Paiute ; 1844 – October 16 , 1891 ) was a Northern Paiute author , activist and educator . Benjamin Matthew Victor ( January 16 , 1979 in Taft , CA ) is an American sculptor and Artist-in-Residence and Professor of the Practice at Boise State University . He is also the only living artist to have two works in the National Statuary Hall in the United States Capital . . He was only 26 years old when his first statue , "Sarah Winnemucca ," a Paiute activist in Nevada , was dedicated in the Hall in 2005 , making him the youngest artist to ever be represented in the Hall . Less than 10 years later , a second sculpture of Norman Borlaug , "the father of the Green Revolution ," was dedicated in the Hall in 2014 . In 2010 , Benjamin Victor completed the "Taft Monument to Oilworkers" , which is currently the largest bronze sculpture in California .
Peter James Crouch ( born 30 January 1981 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Stoke City . He was capped 42 times by the England national team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring 22 goals for his country in that time , and appearing at two World Cups . Abigail Marie "Abbey" Clancy ( born 10 January 1986 ) is an English lingerie and catwalk model and television presenter . She is married to footballer Peter Crouch , was the runner-up of "Britain 's Next Top Model , Cycle 2" and won series 11 of "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2013 .
Attu ( Aleut : "Atan" ) is the westernmost and largest island in the Near Islands group of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska , and the westernmost point of land relative to Alaska , the United States , North America and the Americas . The island became uninhabited in 2010 . The Japanese occupation of Kiska took place between 6 June 1942 and 28 July 1943 during the Aleutian Islands Campaign of the American Theater and the Pacific Theater of World War II . The Japanese occupied Kiska and nearby Attu Island in order to protect the northern flank of the Japanese Empire .
The Western Allied invasion of Germany was coordinated by the Western Allies during the final months of hostilities in the European theatre of World War II . The Allied invasion of Germany started with the Western Allies crossing the Rhine River in March 1945 before fanning out and overrunning all of western Germany from the Baltic in the north to Austria in the south before the Germans surrendered on 8 May 1945 . This is known as the "Central Europe Campaign" in United States military histories . The Battle of Fredericksburg was fought December 11–15 , 1862 , in and around Fredericksburg , Virginia , between General Robert E. Lee 's Confederate Army of Northern Virginia and the Union Army of the Potomac , commanded by Major General Ambrose Burnside , as part of the American Civil War . The Union Army 's futile frontal attacks on December 13 against entrenched Confederate defenders on the heights behind the city are remembered as one of the most one-sided battles of the war , with Union casualties more than three times as heavy as those suffered by the Confederates . A visitor to the battlefield described the battle to U.S. President Abraham Lincoln as a "butchery ."
The Dubna 48K ( Дубна 48К ) is a Soviet clone of the ZX Spectrum home computer . It was based on an analogue of the Zilog Z80 microprocessor . Its name comes from Dubna , a town near Moscow where it was produced , and "48K" stands for 48 KBs of RAM . The TEC-1 is a single-board kit computer first produced by the Australian hobbyist electronics magazine Talking Electronics in the early 1980s . It was based on the Zilog Z80 CPU , had 2K of RAM and 2K of ROM in a default configuration . Later versions used a 4k ROM with two different versions of the monitor software selectable via a switch . This allowed the early software presented in the magazine to be used with the later version of the TEC-1 .
Christopher Taylor "Chris" White ( born 7 March 1943 ) is an English singer , songwriter , musician , and record producer . "I Love You" is a 1965 song by The Zombies , written by their member Chris White , which was covered by People ! and The Carnabeats and by several other artists , including foreign translations .
Marchant Glacier ( ) is a glacier , about 7 nmi long , which drains the slopes of Rampart Ridge between Mount Bishop and Mount Potter and flows northwest to the vicinity of Mount Bockheim , in the Royal Society Range , Victoria Land , Antarctica . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after David R. Marchant , a glacial geologist at the University of Maine ( and from 1995 at Boston University ) . In connection with Antarctic field work since 1985 , Marchant discovered and used volcanic ashes to infer paleoclimate change and geologic stability in the McMurdo Dry Valleys and map the glacial history of the East Antarctic Ice Sheet . The University of Maine ( also referred to as UMaine , Maine or UMO ) is a public research university in Orono , Maine , United States . The university was established in 1865 as a land grant college and is the flagship university of the University of Maine System . The University of Maine is one of only nine land , sea and space grant institutions in the nation .
Matthew Ryan Kemp ( born September 23 , 1984 ) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He began his professional career in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization in 2003 , and played with the Dodgers from 2006 until 2014 . He played for the San Diego Padres in 2015 and 2016 . He has been named to two All-Star teams and has won two Gold Glove Awards ( 2009 and 2011 ) and two Silver Slugger Awards ( 2009 and 2011 ) . The Los Angeles Dodgers ' 2007 season started off promisingly with the Dodgers holding the Western Division lead for most of the first half of the season . However , the team faded down the stretch and finished the season in fourth place . Two of the teams big free agent signings , pitchers Jason Schmidt and Randy Wolf were injured and missed most of the season . A promising development was the play of several rookies including James Loney and Matt Kemp and the further development of second year catcher Russell Martin , who was named to his first All-Star Game .
Kate Ashfield ( born 28 May 1972 ) is an English actress , best known for her award-winning roles as Jody in the Anglo-German film "Late Night Shopping" , as Sadie MacGregor in the British film "This Little Life" and as Liz in the 2004 film , "Shaun of the Dead" . Shaun of the Dead is a 2004 British horror comedy film directed by Edgar Wright , written by Wright and Simon Pegg , and starring Pegg and Nick Frost . Pegg plays Shaun , a man attempting to get some kind of focus in his life as he deals with his girlfriend , his mother and stepfather . At the same time , he has to cope with an apocalyptic zombie uprising .
10 Years is an American alternative metal band , formed in Knoxville , Tennessee in 1999 . The band consists of Jesse Hasek ( lead vocals ) , Brian Vodinh ( drums , guitar , backing vocals ) , Chad Huff ( bass guitar ) and Matt Wantland ( guitar ) . To date , they have released seven albums , the latest of which , "From Birth to Burial" , was released in April 2015 . Their eighth studio album , "( How to Live ) As Ghosts" , is scheduled for release on October 27 , 2017 . Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros is an American folk rock band formed in Los Angeles , California in 2007 . The group is led by lead singer Alex Ebert . The band 's name is based on a story Ebert wrote in his youth , about a messianic figure named Edward Sharpe . Drawing from roots rock , folk , gospel , and psychedelic music , the band 's image and sound evoke the hippie movement of the 1960s and 1970s . The group 's first show was played July 18 , 2007 at The Troubadour in West Hollywood , California . Their first studio album , "Up from Below" , was released on July 7 , 2009 on Community Records and featured the popular single "Home" . The group released their second full-length album , "Here" , on May 29 , 2012 , and third album , "Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros" , on July 23 , 2013 . Their fourth studio album , "PersonA" , was released in April 2016 .
Dorilla in Tempe is a melodramma eroico pastorale in three acts by composer Antonio Vivaldi with an Italian libretto by Antonio Maria Lucchini . The opera premiered at the Teatro San Angelo in Venice on 9 November 1726 . Vivaldi later revised the opera numerous times for several difference performances throughout the second half of his career . Antonio Lucio Vivaldi ( ] ; 4 March 1678 – 28 July 1741 ) was an Italian Baroque composer , virtuoso violinist , teacher and cleric . Born in Venice , he is recognized as one of the greatest Baroque composers , and his influence during his lifetime was widespread across Europe . He composed many instrumental concertos , for the violin and a variety of other instruments , as well as sacred choral works and more than forty operas . His best-known work is a series of violin concertos known as "The Four Seasons" .
Lionel Ngakane ( 17 July 1928 – 26 November 2003 ) was a South African filmmaker and actor . James Searle Dawley ( May 13 , 1877 – March 30 , 1949 ) was an American director and screenwriter . He directed 149 films between 1907 and 1926 . He was born in Del Norte , Colorado and died in Hollywood , California .
Tribeca , originally written as TriBeCa , is a neighborhood in Lower Manhattan , New York City . Its name is a syllabic abbreviation from "Triangle Below Canal Street" . The "triangle" , or more accurately , a trapezoid , is bounded by Canal Street , West Street , Broadway , and either Chambers , Vesey , or Murray Streets . The building at 359 Broadway between Leonard and Franklin Streets in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City was built in 1852 and was designed by the firm of Field & Correja in the Italianate style .
Eleanora Fagan ( April 7 , 1915 – July 17 , 1959 ) , professionally known as Billie Holiday , was an American jazz musician and singer-songwriter with a career spanning nearly thirty years . Nicknamed "Lady Day" by her friend and music partner Lester Young , Holiday had a seminal influence on jazz music and pop singing . Her vocal style , strongly inspired by jazz instrumentalists , pioneered a new way of manipulating phrasing and tempo . She was known for her vocal delivery and improvisational skills , which made up for her limited range and lack of formal music education . There were other jazz singers with comparable talent , but Holiday had a voice that captured the attention of her audience . Strange Fruit Project is an underground hip hop group from Waco , Texas , which consists of producer and emcee Symbolyc One ( also known as S1 , born Larry D. Griffin Jr. ) , his cousin emcee Myth ( short for Mythological , born Kevin Gaither ) and emcee Myone ( pronounced "My Own" , born Anthony Ligawa , originally from Indiana ) . The trio officially debuted in 2004 , with a pair of underground releases , "Soul Travelin" and "From Divine" . Their biggest exposure came with the release of their acclaimed 2006 album "The Healing" . The group 's name is derived from the Billie Holiday civil rights song "Strange Fruit" .
Robert Frederick Chelsea Moore OBE ( 12 April 1941 – 24 February 1993 ) was an English professional footballer . He captained West Ham United for more than ten years and was captain of the England team that won the 1966 World Cup . He is widely regarded as one of the greatest defenders of all time , and was cited by Pelé as the greatest defender that he had ever played against . Moore is a member of the World Team of the 20th Century . The season 1964–65 of the European Cup Winners ' Cup football club tournament was won by West Ham United in a final at Wembley Stadium against 1860 Munich . West Ham 's Bobby Moore was captaining a side that also included Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters just one season before all three went on to star in England 's World Cup winning side of 1966 . As a result of their CWC success , Bobby Moore became the only captain to climb the Wembley steps to be presented with three different trophies in three successive seasons ( English FA Cup and European Cup Winners ' Cup with West Ham in 1964 and 1965 respectively , then the World Cup with England in 1966 ) .
The Voyage That Shook The World is a 2009 dramatised documentary film commissioned by Creation Ministries International , a Christian Young Earth creationist organisation , and produced by Fathom Media . It was released to mark the 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin 's birth and the 150th anniversary of the publication of his seminal work "On the Origin of Species" . Young Earth creationism ( YEC ) is a form of creationism , a religious belief which holds that the universe , Earth , and all life on Earth were created by direct acts of God less than 10,000 years ago . Its primary adherents are Christians who subscribe to a literal interpretation of the creation narrative in the Bible 's Book of Genesis and believe that God created the Earth in six 24-hour days . In contrast to YEC , old Earth creationism is the belief in a metaphorical interpretation of the Book of Genesis and the scientifically-determined estimated ages of the Earth and Universe .
Oliver Marach ( born 16 July 1980 ) is an Austrian professional tennis player . His highest ATP singles ranking is world No . 82 , which he reached on August 7 , 2005 . His career high in doubles is world No . 8 , set on October 18 , 2010 . Danie Visser ( born 26 July 1961 ) is a former professional tennis player from South Africa . A doubles specialist , he won 3 Grand Slam men 's doubles titles ( 2 Australian Open and 1 US Open ) . Visser reached the World No . 1 doubles ranking in January 1990 .
Wet ' n Wild Orlando was the flagship water park of Wet ' n Wild owned by NBC Universal , located on International Drive in Orlando , Florida . It was founded in 1977 by SeaWorld creator George Millay and is considered America 's first water park . It closed on December 31 , 2016 , to be replaced by another water park named Universal 's Volcano Bay . Universal 's Volcano Bay Water Theme Park , or Volcano Bay , is a themed water park at Universal Orlando Resort in Orlando , Florida . Owned and operated by Universal Parks and Resorts , Volcano Bay replaced Wet ' n Wild as Universal Orlando Resort 's water park , and it was the first constructed by Universal itself . The park , themed around a 200 ft volcano named "Krakatau ," opened on May 25 , 2017 .
The Soloist is a 2009 British-American drama film directed by Joe Wright , and starring Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey , Jr .. It is based on the true story of Nathaniel Ayers , a musician who developed schizophrenia and became homeless . The screenplay by Susannah Grant is based on the book , "The Soloist" by Steve Lopez . Patrick James Bolger Tatten ( born January 21 , 1981 ) is an American actor and producer . He is best known for roles in films such as : "Dirty Deeds" , "The Good German" , "The Soloist" , "Lucky Bastard" & the t.v . series Boystown on "OutTV" .
The Lykan Hypersport is a Lebanese limited production supercar built by W Motors , a United Arab Emirates based company , founded in 2012 in Lebanon with the collaboration of Lebanese , French and Italian engineers . It is the first supercar to be produced in the Middle East , and is featured in the film "Furious 7" , and the video games "Project CARS" , "Driveclub" , "" , "Asphalt Nitro" , "Forza Motorsport 6" , "and ", "Forza Horizon 3" , "CSR Racing" and "CSR Racing 2" . The Lykan can also be briefly seen in the second "Fate of the Furious" trailer , however , the Lykan does not make an appearance , the footage is from the seventh movie , "Fast and Furious 7" . It is the first car to be designed and produced indigenously in the Arab World . The Fate of the Furious ( alternatively known as Fast & Furious 8 and Fast 8 , and often stylized as F8 ) is a 2017 American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan . It is the eighth installment in "The Fast and the Furious" franchise . The film stars Vin Diesel , Dwayne Johnson , Jason Statham , Michelle Rodriguez , Tyrese Gibson , Chris "Ludacris" Bridges , Scott Eastwood , Nathalie Emmanuel , Elsa Pataky , Kurt Russell and Charlize Theron . "The Fate of the Furious" follows Dominic Toretto ( Diesel ) , who has settled down with his wife Letty ( Rodriguez ) , until cyberterrorist Cipher ( Theron ) coerces him into working for her and turns him against his team , forcing them to find Dom and take down Cipher .
The River Welland is a lowland river in the east of England , some 65 mi long . It drains part of the Midlands eastwards to The Wash . The river rises in the Hothorpe Hills , at Sibbertoft in Northamptonshire , then flows generally northeast to Market Harborough , Stamford and Spalding , to reach The Wash near Fosdyke . It is a major waterway across the part of the Fens called South Holland , and is one of the Fenland rivers which were laid out with washlands . There are two channels between widely spaced embankments with the intention that flood waters would have space in which to spread while the tide in the estuary prevented free egress . However , after the floods of 1947 , new works such as the Coronation Channel were constructed to control flooding in Spalding and the washes are no longer used solely as pasture , but may be used for arable farming . The Rolls-Royce RB.23 Welland was Britain 's first production jet engine . It entered production in 1943 for the Gloster Meteor . The name Welland is taken from the River Welland , in keeping with the Rolls-Royce policy of naming early jet engines after rivers based on the idea of continuous flow , air through the engine and water in a river .
John Christopher Lujack Jr. ( pronounced Lu ' jack ; born January 4 , 1925 ) is a former American football quarterback and 1947 Heisman Trophy winner . He played college football for the University of Notre Dame , and professionally for the Chicago Bears . Lujack was the first of several successful quarterbacks who hailed from Western Pennsylvania . Others include Pro Football Hall of Fame members Johnny Unitas , Joe Namath , Dan Marino , Jim Kelly , Joe Montana and George Blanda . James Edward Kelly ( born February 14 , 1960 ) is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for eleven seasons and spent the entirety of his NFL career with the Buffalo Bills . He also played two seasons with the Houston Gamblers in the United States Football League ( USFL ) .
Live Wire Radio is a radio variety show that was launched in 2004 in Portland , Oregon . Staff at the upstart , weekly show are hoping to position it to possibly be considered by American Public Media as a replacement for Garrison Keillor 's "A Prairie Home Companion" . A Prairie Home Companion is a live weekly radio variety show hosted by musician and songwriter Chris Thile . The program was created in 1974 by Garrison Keillor , who hosted it until 2016 . It airs on Saturdays from 5 to 7 p.m. Central Time , from the Fitzgerald Theater in Saint Paul , Minnesota ; it is also frequently heard on tours to New York City and other US cities . The show is known for its musical guests , especially folk and traditional musicians , tongue-in-cheek radio drama , and relaxed humor . Keillor 's wry storytelling segment , "News from Lake Wobegon" , was the show 's best-known feature during his long tenure .
Paul Michael Gross , OC ( born April 30 , 1959 ) is a Canadian actor , producer , director , singer , and writer born in Calgary , Alberta . He is known for his lead role as Constable Benton Fraser in the television series "Due South" as well as his 2008 war film "Passchendaele" , which he wrote , produced , directed , and starred in . During "Due South" < nowiki > ' < /nowiki > s final season , Gross acted as executive producer in addition to starring , wrote the season three opener and finale , the two part series finale and wrote and sang songs for the show , some of which can be found on the two "Due South" soundtracks . He later found success with another Canadian TV series , "Slings and Arrows" . He also produced one film with Akshay Kumar called Speedy Singhs starring Camilla Belle and Vinay Virmani . Getting Married in Buffalo Jump is a 1990 Canadian TV movie filmed in Alberta , Canada . In specific Cowley , Lundbreck , and Pincher Creek . It was directed by Eric Till and stars Wendy Crewson and Paul Gross .
Ammi is a genus of 3 to 6 species of plants in the Apiaceae family . They are native to southern Europe , northern Africa and Southwest Asia . "Ammi spp ." ( Bishops weed ) is prohibited by the Australian New Zealand Food Standards code under standard 1.4.4 due to active constituents : Lycoris is a genus of 13–20 species of flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae , subfamily Amaryllidoideae . They are native to eastern and southern Asia in China , Japan , southern Korea , northern Vietnam , northern Laos , northern Thailand , northern Burma , Nepal , northern Pakistan , Afghanistan , and eastern Iran . They were imported into North Carolina and now grow wild . In English they are also called hurricane lilies or cluster amaryllis . The genus shares the English name spider lily with two other related genera .
Sadar Bazaar is one of the most popular shopping destinations for the tourist visiting Agra . It is located very close to Agra Cantt Railway Station and is also quite close to both Taj Mahal and Agra Fort . It is also close to the residential area of Mall Road . Agra Fort is a historical fort in the city of Agra in India . It was the main residence of the emperors of the Mughal Dynasty till 1638 , when the capital was shifted from Agra to Delhi . The Agra fort is a UNESCO World Heritage site . It is about 2.5 km northwest of its more famous sister monument , the Taj Mahal . The fort can be more accurately described as a walled city .
Aircraft maneuvering is referenced to a standard rate turn , also known as a rate one turn ( ROT ) . An aircraft is a machine that is able to fly by gaining support from the air . It counters the force of gravity by using either static lift or by using the dynamic lift of an airfoil , or in a few cases the downward thrust from jet engines . Common examples of aircraft include airplanes , helicopters , airships ( including blimps ) , gliders , and hot air balloons .
The Commodore 16 is a home computer made by Commodore International with a 6502-compatible 7501 or 8501 CPU , released in 1984 and intended to be an entry-level computer to replace the VIC-20 . A cost-reduced version , the Commodore 116 , was sold only in Europe . In the middle of 1984 a Brazilian company called Prológica , which made its own versions of 8 bits US computers , brought to the Brazilian market a new equipment for its personal computer series called "CP" ( shorten of Personal Computer in Portuguese ) .
The Art Loeb Trail is a 30.1 mi trail located in Pisgah National Forest in Western North Carolina . The northern terminus is at the Daniel Boone Boy Scout Camp in Haywood County , while the trail 's southern terminus is located near the Davidson River Campground , near Brevard , in Transylvania County . Along the way , the trail traverses several significant peaks , including Black Balsam Knob ( 6,214 ft ) , Tennent Mountain ( 6040 ft ) and Pilot Mountain ( 5095 ft ) . The trail also passes the base of Cold Mountain , made famous by the novel and film . Pisgah National Forest is a National Forest in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina . It is administered by the United States Forest Service , part of the United States Department of Agriculture . The Pisgah National Forest is completely contained within the state of North Carolina . The forest is managed together with the other three North Carolina National Forests ( Croatan , Nantahala , and Uwharrie ) from common headquarters in Asheville , North Carolina . There are local ranger district offices located in Pisgah Forest , Mars Hill , and Nebo .
James Porter Moreland ( born March 9 , 1948 ) , better known as J. P. Moreland , is an American philosopher , theologian , and Christian apologist . He currently serves as a Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at Talbot School of Theology at Biola University in La Mirada , California . Theistic science , also referred to as theistic realism , is the pseudoscientific proposal that methodological naturalism should be replaced by a philosophy of science that allows in occasional supernatural explanation , which would bear special relevance to theology ; as for example evolution . Supporters of this viewpoint include intelligent design creationism proponents J. P. Moreland , Alvin Plantinga , Stephen C. Meyer and Phillip E. Johnson .
Northern Rhodesia was a protectorate in south central Africa , formed in 1911 by amalgamating the two earlier protectorates of Barotziland-North-Western Rhodesia and North-Eastern Rhodesia . It was initially administered , as were the two earlier protectorates , by the British South Africa Company , ( BSAC ) , a chartered company on behalf of the British government . From 1924 it was administered by the British government as a protectorate under similar conditions to other British-administered protectorates , and the special provisions required when it was administered by BSAC were terminated . Rhodesia is a historical region in southern Africa whose formal boundaries evolved between the 1890s and 1980 . Demarcated and named by the British South Africa Company ( BSAC ) , which governed it until the 1920s , it thereafter saw administration by various authorities . It was bisected by a natural border , the Zambezi . The territory to the north of the Zambezi was officially designated Northern Rhodesia by the Company , and has been Zambia since 1964 ; that to the south , which the Company dubbed Southern Rhodesia , became Zimbabwe in 1980 . Northern and Southern Rhodesia were sometimes informally called "the Rhodesias" .
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is the second companion book to the "Animorphs" series , written by K. A. Applegate . With respect to continuity within the series , it takes place before book # 23 , "The Pretender" , although the events told in the story occur between the time of "The Ellimist Chronicles" and "The Andalite Chronicles" . The book is introduced by Tobias , who flies to the valley of the free Hork-Bajir , where Jara Hamee tells him the story of how the Yeerks enslaved the Hork-Bajir , and how Aldrea , an Andalite , and her companion , Dak Hamee , a Hork-Bajir , tried to save their world from the invasion . Jara Hamee 's story is narrated from the points of view of Aldrea , Dak Hamee , and Esplin 9466 , alternating in similar fashion to the "Megamorphs" books . Animorphs is a science fantasy series of young adult books written by Katherine Applegate and her husband Michael Grant , writing together under the name K. A. Applegate , and published by Scholastic . It is told in first person , with all six main characters taking turns narrating the books through their own perspectives . Horror , war , dehumanization , sanity , morality , innocence , leadership , freedom and growing up are the core themes of the series .
Richard Melville Hall ( born September 11 , 1965 ) , better known by his stage name Moby , is an American DJ , record producer , singer , songwriter , musician , photographer and animal rights activist . He is well known for his electronic music , veganism , and support of animal rights . Moby has sold over 20 million records worldwide . AllMusic considers him "one of the most important dance music figures of the early 1990s , helping bring the music to a mainstream audience both in the UK and in America" . Everything Is Wrong is the third studio album by American electronica musician Moby , released on March 14 , 1995 by record labels Mute in the United Kingdom and Elektra in the United States . It was released with a limited-edition bonus disc of ambient music titled "Underwater" .
Who 's That Girl : Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the first soundtrack album by American singer and songwriter Madonna . It was released on July 21 , 1987 by Sire Records to promote the film of the same name . It also contains songs by her label mates Scritti Politti , Duncan Faure , Club Nouveau , Coati Mundi and Michael Davidson . The soundtrack is credited as a Madonna album , despite her only performing four of the nine tracks on the album . After the commercial success of her film "Desperately Seeking Susan" ( 1985 ) , Madonna wanted to act in another comedy film titled "Slammer" , about a woman named Nikki Finn who was falsely accused of homicide . However , due to the critical and commercial failure of her adventure film "Shanghai Surprise" ( 1986 ) , Warner Bros. were initially reluctant to green light the project , but later agreed , after Madonna convinced them and also because they wanted to cash in on Madonna 's success with soundtracks . Madonna Louise Ciccone ( ; born August 16 , 1958 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress , and businesswoman . A leading presence during the emergence of MTV in the 1980s , Madonna is known for pushing the boundaries of lyrical content in mainstream popular music , as well as visual imagery in music videos and on stage . She has also frequently reinvented both her music and image while maintaining autonomy within the recording industry . Besides sparking controversy , her works have been acclaimed by music critics . Referred to as the "Queen of Pop" , Madonna is widely cited as an influence by other artists .
Mulled wine is a beverage usually made with red wine along with various mulling spices and sometimes raisins . It is served hot or warm and is alcoholic , although there are non-alcoholic versions of mulled wine . It is a traditional drink during winter , especially around Christmas . Blue Lagoon is a popular summer cocktail featuring blue Curaçao .
Robert Paul "Robbie" Gould III ( ; born December 6 , 1981 ) is an American football placekicker for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played with the Chicago Bears from 2005 to 2015 , during which he became the franchise 's all-time leading scorer . Gould was originally signed by the New England Patriots as an undrafted free agent in 2005 . He played college football at Penn State . Chris Gould ( born December 10 , 1985 ) is a former American football placekicker . He currently serves as the assistant special teams coach for the Denver Broncos , and is the brother of former Chicago Bears and current 49ers placekicker Robbie Gould .
Heywood "Woody" Allen ( born Allan Stewart Konigsberg ; December 1 , 1935 ) is an American filmmaker , writer , actor , comedian , and musician whose career spans more than six decades . Orion Pictures Corporation is an American motion picture producer and distributor that produced and released films from 1978 until 1999 , and was also involved in television production and syndication throughout the 1980s until the early 1990s . It was formed in 1978 as a joint venture between Warner Bros. and three former top-level executives of United Artists . Although it was never a large motion picture producer , Orion achieved a comparatively high reputation for Hollywood quality . Woody Allen , James Cameron , Jonathan Demme , Oliver Stone , and several other prominent directors worked with Orion during its most successful years from 1978 to 1992 . Of the films distributed by Orion , four won Academy Awards for Best Picture : "Amadeus" ( 1984 ) , "Platoon" ( 1986 ) , "Dances with Wolves" ( 1990 ) , and "The Silence of the Lambs" ( 1991 ) . Two other Orion films , "Hannah and Her Sisters" ( 1986 ) and "Mississippi Burning" ( 1988 ) , were nominated for that same category . In 2013 , Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer revived the Orion name for television ; a year later , Orion Pictures was relaunched by the studio .
Ticonderoga is a town in Essex County , New York , United States . The population was 5,042 at the 2010 census . The name comes from the Mohawk "tekontaró : ken" , meaning "it is at the junction of two waterways" . Lake George Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga , in Essex County , New York . The district contains 20 contributing buildings on 14 properties ; 12 houses and eight garages . It includes single-family homes built between 1919 and 1921 by W.A . Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management . The houses share a common American Craftsman influenced bungalow style . Gale also constructed the houses in the Amherst Avenue Historic District .
Jarrett Hurd ( born August 31 , 1990 ) is an American light middleweight boxer from Accokeek , Maryland . On February 25 , 2017 he lost to Jarrett Hurd for the International Boxing Federation light middleweight world title . The fight was originally supposed to be a title eliminator for the right to fight Jermall Charlo , but when Charlo vacated the title , the fight was elevated to be for the vacant title . Harrison boxed well for majority of the first half of the fight but began to fade thereafter the finish came in round 9 when Hurd landed a right hand that floored Harrison ,
Siam Center ( Thai : สยามเซนเตอร์ ) is a shopping center near Siam BTS Station in Bangkok , Thailand . National Stadium station ( Thai : สถานีสนามกีฬาแห่งชาติ ; RGTS : Sanam Kila Haeng Chat ) is a BTS Skytrain station , on the Silom Line in Pathum Wan District , Bangkok , Thailand . The station is located on Rama I Road to the west of Pathum Wan intersection , where the National Stadium , MBK Center , Siam Discovery Center , Bangkok Art and Culture Centre and Siam Square are situated and all linked to the station by skybridge . It is also in walking distance to Siam Center and Siam Paragon , which are located at Siam Station . Jim Thompson House , popular Thai silk museum of Jim Thompson , is just opposite the station on Soi Kasemsan 2 .
The Western Allied invasion of Germany was coordinated by the Western Allies during the final months of hostilities in the European theatre of World War II . The Allied invasion of Germany started with the Western Allies crossing the Rhine River in March 1945 before fanning out and overrunning all of western Germany from the Baltic in the north to Austria in the south before the Germans surrendered on 8 May 1945 . This is known as the "Central Europe Campaign" in United States military histories . The Battle of Fredericksburg was fought December 11–15 , 1862 , in and around Fredericksburg , Virginia , between General Robert E. Lee 's Confederate Army of Northern Virginia and the Union Army of the Potomac , commanded by Major General Ambrose Burnside , as part of the American Civil War . The Union Army 's futile frontal attacks on December 13 against entrenched Confederate defenders on the heights behind the city are remembered as one of the most one-sided battles of the war , with Union casualties more than three times as heavy as those suffered by the Confederates . A visitor to the battlefield described the battle to U.S. President Abraham Lincoln as a "butchery ."
Mark Vella Tomlin ( 7 January 1959 – 10 July 2009 ) , a Maltese national , worked as an airline pilot with Medavia between 1993 and July 2008 when he stopped working for health reasons . After being awarded his captaincy , Mark flew the CASA-212-200 Aviocar on operations mainly in the Libyan desert , ferrying supplies and personnel to remote desert airstrips . Malta ( ; ] ) , officially known as the Republic of Malta ( Maltese : "Repubblika ta ' Malta" ) , is a Southern European island country consisting of an archipelago in the Mediterranean Sea . It lies 80 km south of Italy , 284 km east of Tunisia , and 333 km north of Libya . The country covers just over 316 km2 , with a population of just under 450,000 , making it one of the world 's smallest and most densely populated countries . The capital of Malta is Valletta , which at 0.8 km , is the smallest national capital in the European Union by area . Malta has one national language , which is Maltese , and English as an official language .
The London Review of Books ( LRB ) is a British journal of literary essays . It is published fortnightly . The London International Documentary Festival ( or LIDF ) is an annual documentary film festival that takes place in the months of March and April every year . The event is presented in association with the London Review of Books .
The Sapsali ( 삽살이 ) is a shaggy Korean breed of dog . The word is followed in Korean by either "gae" ( meaning "dog" ) or the suffix "ee" /" i" , but is most commonly romanized as "Sapsaree" . Traditionally , these dogs were believed to dispel ghosts and evil spirits . The Segugio Italiano ] is an Italian breed of dog of the scenthound family . It comes in both short-haired and wire-haired varieties . It is thought to be an ancient breed , descended in pre-Roman eras from progenitor scenthounds in ancient Egypt . In 2009 ENCI ( the Italian Kennel Club ) registered 4,500 specimens of the short-haired variety and 1,740 wire-haired specimens , making this one of the top ten breeds in Italy .
The College of Education is one of the undergraduate colleges at Korea University in Seoul , South Korea . It is considered to be one of the leading schools of education in the country . Seoul ( ; 서울 ; ] ) , officially the Seoul Special Metropolitan City – is the capital and largest metropolis of the Republic of Korea ( commonly known as South Korea ) . Seoul is the world 's 16th largest city , and forms the heart of the Seoul Capital Area , which includes the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province . The Seoul Capital Area houses about half of the country 's population of 51.44 million people with 678,102 international residents .
The 2012 NBA Draft was held on June 28 , 2012 , at Prudential Center in Newark , New Jersey . The draft started at 7:00 pm Eastern Daylight Time ( 2300 UTC ) , and was broadcast in the United States on ESPN . In this draft , National Basketball Association ( NBA ) teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players , including international players . This draft marked the first time that the first two players selected were from the same school ( Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist were teammates at Kentucky ) . It also set a record of having six players from one school ( Kentucky ) being selected in the two rounds of the draft and was the first draft to have the first three selections be college freshmen all from the same conference , the Southeastern Conference . Not only that , but it also featured the oldest player to ever get selected in an NBA draft , with Bernard James being 27 years old at the time of the draft . Of the players drafted , 30 are forwards , 21 are guards , and 9 are centers . Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes ( born May 30 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels before being selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the 2012 NBA draft with the seventh overall pick . Barnes won an NBA championship with the Warriors in 2015 .
Times Beach is a ghost town in St. Louis County , Missouri , United States , 17 mi southwest of St. Louis and 2 mi east of Eureka . Once home to more than two thousand people , the town was completely evacuated early in 1983 due to a dioxin contamination that made national headlines . It was the largest civilian exposure to dioxin in the country 's history . Route 66 State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Missouri , located on the former site of the town of Times Beach . It is a 419 acre park located less than 1 mi east of Eureka .
Bob "Slim" Dunlap ( born August 14 , 1951 ) is an American rock musician . He is a Minnesota-based guitarist and singer-songwriter who is best known for replacing The Replacements ' original lead guitarist , Bob Stinson in 1987 . Dunlap also recorded two solo albums in the mid-1990s . The Replacements were an American rock band formed in Minneapolis , Minnesota , in 1979 . Initially a punk rock band , they are considered pioneers of alternative rock . The band was composed of the guitarist and vocalist Paul Westerberg , guitarist Bob Stinson , bass guitarist Tommy Stinson and drummer Chris Mars for most of its career . Following several acclaimed albums , including "Let It Be" and "Tim" , Bob Stinson left the band in 1986 , and Slim Dunlap joined as lead guitarist . Steve Foley replaced Mars in 1990 . Towards the end of the band 's career , Westerberg exerted more control over the creative output . The group disbanded in 1991 , with the members eventually pursuing various projects . A reunion was announced on October 3 , 2012 . The Replacements never had significant commercial success , except for "I 'll Be You" , which hit number 1 on the "Billboard" Alt Rock chart , but they influenced numerous alternative rock acts .
John Lone ( ; born October 13 , 1952 ) is a Hong Kong-born American actor . Lone has played roles as diverse as a caveman in "Iceman" ( 1984 ) , Puyi in "The Last Emperor" ( 1987 ) , and an apparently female opera performer in "M. Butterfly" ( 1993 ) . The Moderns is a 1988 film by Alan Rudolph , which takes place in 1926 Paris during the period of the Lost Generation and at the height of modernist literature . The film stars Keith Carradine , Linda Fiorentino and John Lone among others .
Alan Crosland ( August 10 , 1894 – July 16 , 1936 ) was an American stage actor and film director . Kurt Voss ( born Kurt Christopher Peter Wössner ) is an American film director , screenwriter and musician-songwriter . Voss 's credits include Will Smith 's debut "Where The Day Takes You" ; the Justin Theroux , Alyssa Milano and Ice T action film "Below Utopia" ; actress Jaime Pressly 's debut feature "" , and rock and roll related films including "Down and Out with the Dolls" and "Ghost on The Highway : A Portrait of Jeffrey Lee Pierce and The Gun Club" .
The 2002 Independent Spirit Awards , honoring the best in independent filmmaking for 2002 , were announced on March 22 , 2003 . It was hosted by John Waters . John Samuel Waters Jr. ( born April 22 , 1946 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , author , actor , stand-up comedian , journalist , visual artist , and art collector , who rose to fame in the early 1970s for his transgressive cult films .
Marks and Spencer plc ( also known as M & S ) is a major British multinational retailer headquartered in the City of Westminster , London . It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index . Archibald John Norman ( born 1 May 1954 ) is a British businessman and politician . He is , at present , the only person to have been a FTSE 100 chairman and a Member of the House of Commons ( MP ) at the same time . From January 2010 to January 2016 , Norman was the chairman of ITV plc . He will succeed Robert Swannell as chairman of Marks & Spencer in September 2017 .
Ian James Brayshaw ( born 14 January 1942 ) is a former Australian sportsman . He played both Australian rules football and cricket . Both his sons , Mark Brayshaw and James Brayshaw were noted athletes in their respective sports ; Mark playing football and James playing cricket . Other son Rob is an all round cricketer who bowls a heavy ball and starred in Bridgetowns Cricket Clubs Premiership in 2016/17 . Mark 's son , Angus Brayshaw is forging a career at Melbourne Football Club . Mark Andrew Brayshaw ( born 5 February 1966 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne Football Club in the AFL . He is the brother of James Brayshaw and the son of Ian Brayshaw . Angus Brayshaw is Mark 's son . Thus continuing into a third generation of footballers in the Brayshaw family .
The following is the filmography for American actor James Garner . Garner was known for prominent roles in films such as "Sayonara" ( 1957 ) with Marlon Brando , "Cash McCall" ( 1960 ) with Natalie Wood , "The Great Escape" ( 1963 ) with Steve McQueen , "The Thrill of It All" ( 1963 ) with Doris Day , "Move Over , Darling" ( 1963 ) with Doris Day , "The Wheeler Dealers" ( 1963 ) with Lee Remick , Paddy Chayevsky 's "The Americanization of Emily" ( 1964 ) with Julie Andrews , "Hour of the Gun" ( 1967 ) , "Marlowe" ( 1969 ) with Bruce Lee , "Support Your Local Sheriff ! "( 1969 ) with Walter Brennan , "Murphy 's Romance" ( 1985 ) with Sally Field , "Sunset" ( 1988 ) with Bruce Willis , "Maverick" ( 1994 ) with Mel Gibson and Jodie Foster , "Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood" ( 2002 ) , and "The Notebook" ( 2004 ) with Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams . His television series credits include portraying Bret Maverick in "Maverick" ( 1957–1962 ) and "Bret Maverick" ( 1981–1982 ) , Jim Rockford in "The Rockford Files" ( 1974–1980 ) , and Jim Egan in "8 Simple Rules" ( 2003–2005 ) . The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes and based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Nicholas Sparks . The film stars Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams as a young couple who fall in love in the 1940s . Their story is narrated from the present day by an elderly man ( portrayed by James Garner ) telling the tale to a fellow nursing home resident ( played by Gena Rowlands , who is Cassavetes 's mother ) .
Easy is a comedy-drama anthology series written , directed , edited and produced by Joe Swanberg . It consists of eight half-hour episodes . The series is set in Chicago . The first season was released on Netflix on September 22 , 2016 . Evan Jonigkeit ( pronounced "John-a-kite" , born August 25 , 1983 ) is an American actor known for his roles in "" , "Bone Tomahawk" , and "Easy" .
Diplolaena is a genus of evergreen shrubs in the family Rutaceae . They are native to Western Australia . Arenaria is a genus of flowering plants , within the family Caryophyllaceae .
The Harrier is a medium-sized dog breed of the hound class , The Greater Swiss Mountain Dog ( German : "Grosser Schweizer Sennenhund" or French : "Grand Bouvier Suisse" ) is a dog breed which was developed in the Swiss Alps . The name "Sennenhund" refers to people called "Senn" or "Senner" , dairymen and herders in the Swiss Alps . Greater Swiss Mountain Dogs are almost certainly the result of indigenous dogs mating with large mastiff types brought to Switzerland by foreign settlers . At one time , the breed was believed to have been among the most popular in Switzerland . It was assumed to have almost died out by the late 19th century , since its work was being done by other breeds or machines , but was rediscovered in the early 1900s .
Michael J . Hunter ( born July 2 , 1956 ) is an American politician from the state of Oklahoma . Hunter served as the Secretary of State of Oklahoma from 1999 to 2002 , having been appointed by Governor of Oklahoma Frank Keating . On November 1 , 2016 , he appointed to the same post by Governor Mary Fallin . He also serves as Special Counsel to the Governor . On February 20 , 2017 , Hunter was appointed Attorney General of Oklahoma , replacing Scott Pruitt who was confirmed as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency three days earlier on February 17 . Edward Scott Pruitt ( born May 9 , 1968 ) is an American lawyer and Republican politician from the state of Oklahoma who is currently the fourteenth Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) . Nominated for the position by President Donald Trump , Pruitt was confirmed by the United States Senate to lead the EPA on February 17 , 2017 .
Borrowdale is a valley and civil parish in the English Lake District in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria , England . Glaramara is a fell in the English Lake District in Cumbria . It is a substantial fell that is part of a long ridge that stretches for over six kilometres from Stonethwaite in Borrowdale up to the important mountain pass of Esk Hause . The summit of Glaramara at 783 m ( 2,569 ft ) is the central point of this ridge , which separates the valleys of Langstrath and Grains Gill . However , the ridge has two additional fells , numerous subsidiary tops and several small tarns making its traverse an appealing and challenging walk .
The bonobo ( or ; "Pan paniscus" ) , formerly called the pygmy chimpanzee and less often , the dwarf or gracile chimpanzee , is an endangered great ape and one of the two species making up the genus "Pan" ; the other is "Pan troglodytes" , or the common chimpanzee . Although the name "chimpanzee" is sometimes used to refer to both species together , it is usually understood as referring to the common chimpanzee , whereas "Pan paniscus" is usually referred to as the bonobo . The Lomako Forest Reserve is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo . It was established in 1991 especially to protect the habitat of the Bonobo apes . This site covers 3,601.88 km²
Alejandro Jodorowsky Prullansky ( ] ; born 17 February 1929 ) is a Chilean-French film and theatre director , screenwriter , playwright , actor , author , poet , producer , composer , musician , comics writer , and spiritual guru . Best known for his avant-garde films , he has been "venerated by cult cinema enthusiasts" for his work which "is filled with violently surreal images and a hybrid blend of mysticism and religious provocation" . Philip Saville ( sometimes credited as Philip Savile , 28 October 1930 – 22 December 2016 ) was a British television and film director , screenwriter and former actor whose career lasted half a century . The British Film Institute 's Screenonline website has described Saville as "one of Britain 's most prolific and pioneering television and film directors" .
The Dove Marine Laboratory is a research and teaching laboratory which forms part of the School of Marine Science and Technology within Newcastle University in the United Kingdom . Newcastle University ( officially , the University of Newcastle upon Tyne ) is a public research university in Newcastle upon Tyne in the North-East of England . The university can trace its origins to a School of Medicine and Surgery ( later the College of Medicine ) , established in 1834 , and to the College of Physical Science ( later renamed Armstrong College ) , founded in 1871 . These two colleges came to form one division of the federal University of Durham , with the Durham Colleges forming the other . The Newcastle colleges merged to form King 's College in 1937 . In 1963 , following an Act of Parliament , King 's College became the University of Newcastle upon Tyne .
Learjet is a Canadian owned , American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military use based in Wichita , Kansas . Founded in the late 1950s by William Powell Lear as Swiss American Aviation Corporation , it has been a subsidiary of Canadian Bombardier Aerospace since 1990 , which markets it as the "Bombardier Learjet Family" . William Powell "Bill" Lear ( June 26 , 1902 – May 14 , 1978 ) was an American inventor and businessman . He is best known for founding the Lear Jet Corporation , a manufacturer of business jets . He also invented the battery eliminator for the B battery , and developed the 8-track cartridge , an audio tape system . Throughout his career of 46 years , Lear received over 120 patents .
"SOS" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album "A Girl like Me" ( 2006 ) . It was written by Jonathan "J.R." Rotem , E. Kidd Bogart and Ed Cobb , with production was handled by Rotem , Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers . It was released on February 14 , 2006 , as the lead single from the album . "SOS" is a dance-pop song which samples Soft Cell 's 1981 recording of "Tainted Love" , a song written by Cobb in 1965 . Critical reception of "SOS" was generally positive , with the majority of music critics praising the inclusion of the "Tainted Love" sample . Some critics compared "SOS" to Rihanna 's debut single , "Pon de Replay" ( "Music of the Sun" , 2005 ) . Barbadian singer Rihanna has released four video albums and appeared in fifty-two music videos , six films , ten television programs , and eight television commercials . In 2005 , Rihanna signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings and released her debut single "Pon de Replay" , taken from her first studio album "Music of the Sun" ( 2005 ) . Like its lyrical theme , the music video for the song was inspired by disco and dance ; it was directed by Little X . Three separate videos were released for "SOS" , the lead single from her second studio album "A Girl Like Me" ( 2006 ) , all of which contained various dance sequences . The same year , American director Anthony Mandler directed the accompanying music video for the second single "Unfaithful" , which featured Rihanna in a dangerous love triangle with her lover and her husband . "Unfaithful" was Rihanna 's first collaboration with Mandler ; they later worked together regularly . Also in 2006 , Rihanna played herself in the third installment of the "Bring It On" film series , entitled "" .
Ronald J. Johnson ( born September 21 , 1958 ) is a former American football wide receivers who played five seasons with the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League . He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the seventh round of the 1981 NFL Draft . He first enrolled at Monterey Peninsula College before transferring to California State University , Long Beach . Johnson attended Monterey High School in Monterey , California . He was also a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Portland Breakers . California State University , Long Beach ( CSULB ; also known as Long Beach State , Cal State Long Beach , LBSU , or The Beach ) is the third largest campus of the 23-school California State University system ( CSU ) and one of the largest universities in the state of California by enrollment , its student body numbering 37,776 for the Fall 2016 semester . As of Fall 2014 , the school had 2,283 total faculty , with 36.7 percent of those faculty on the tenure track . With 5,286 graduate students , the university enrolls one of the largest graduate student populations across the CSU and in the state of California alone . The university is located in the Los Altos neighborhood of Long Beach at the southeastern coastal tip of Los Angeles County , less than one mile from the border with Orange County . The university offers 82 different Bachelor 's degrees , 65 types of Master 's degrees , and four Doctoral degrees .
Eccles ( /ˈɛkəlz/ ; pop . 38,756 ( 2011 ) ) is a town in Greater Manchester , England , 2.7 mi west of Salford and 3.7 mi west of Manchester city centre , between the M602 motorway to the north and the Manchester Ship Canal to the south . Eric Anthony Sykes ( 5 February 1883–12 May 1945 ) , born Eric Anthony Schwabe in Barton-upon-Irwell , Eccles , Greater Manchester , England , was a soldier and firearms expert . He is most famous for his work with William E. Fairbairn in the development of the eponymous Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife and modern British Close Quarters Battle ( CQB ) martial arts during World War II . Originally working for an import/export company selling weapons in East Asia , he claimed he volunteered for and served in the British Army as a sharpshooter on the Western Front during World War I . Returning to China in 1917 , he joined the volunteer branch of the Shanghai Municipal Police ( SMP ) Specials with the rank of Inspector in 1926 .
Fiapre is a town in Sunyani West District in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana . Fiapre is very close to the regional capital town of the Brong-Ahafo Region , Sunyani . Notre Dame High School is an all female second cycle institution in Fiapre in the Brong-Ahafo Region of Ghana .
Francisco Jose Mela is a Cuban drummer and percussionist who has performed with a wide array of prominent international Latin and jazz artists including Kenny Barron , Gary Bartz , JoAnne Brackeen , Jane Bunnett , Regina Carter , Anat Cohen , Paquito D'Rivera , George Garzone , Larry Grenadier , Stefon Harris , Lionel Loueke , Joe Lovano , Jason Moran , John Patitucci , John Scofield , Esperanza Spalding , Mark Turner , McCoy Tyner , Chucho Valdés , Kenny Werner , and many others . Esperanza Emily Spalding ( born October 18 , 1984 ) is an American jazz bassist and singer . Spalding was raised in Portland , Oregon and was a musical prodigy , playing violin in the Chamber Music Society of Oregon at five years old . She was later both self-taught and -trained on a number of instruments , including guitar and bass . Her proficiency earned her scholarships to Portland State University and the Berklee College of Music . In 2017 she was appointed Professor of the Practice of Music at Harvard University .
The Mediterranean Games are a multi-sport games held usually every four years , between nations around or very close to the Mediterranean Sea , where Europe , Africa , and Asia meet . The games are under the auspices of the International Committee of Mediterranean Games ( CIJM ) . Fatma Lanouar ( Arabic : فاطمة لأنور ; born March 14 , 1978 ) is a former female middle distance runner from Tunisia . She is best known for twice ( 2001 and 2005 ) winning the gold medal at the Mediterranean Games in the women 's 1500 metres . Lanouar set her personal best ( 4:06.91 ) in the 1,500 metres in 2000 . She was also the silver medallist at the 2001 Jeux de la Francophonie .
George Adamski ( 17 April 1891 – 23 April 1965 ) was a Polish American citizen who became widely known in ufology circles , and to some degree in popular culture , after he claimed to have photographed spaceships from other planets , met with friendly Nordic alien Space Brothers , and to have taken flights with them to the Moon and other planets . Reinhold Schmidt ( 1897–1974 ) was a 1957 UFO "contactee" in an era that began with George Adamski in 1953 . Schmidt was born and grew up in Nebraska , where he worked for most of his adult life as a reputable grain buyer and dealer . He became a contactee after telling of his experience on November 5 , 1957 detailed in his book Edge of Tomorrow , when while driving through a rural area near Kearney , Nebraska , he noticed a large , cigar-shaped object resting in a field . He was soon escorted inside the space ship , which turned out to be crewed by completely human-looking space aliens , four male and two female , who apparently spoke perfect German and claimed to be from the planet Saturn . "The Saturnians" also claimed to be interested in the recently launched Russian sputniks , and the satellite-launching plans of the US .
Henri-Robert-Marcel Duchamp ( ] ; 28 July 1887 – 2 October 1968 ) was a French-American painter , sculptor , chess player and writer whose work is associated with Cubism , conceptual art and Dada , although he was careful about his use of the term Dada and was not directly associated with Dada groups . Duchamp is commonly regarded , along with Pablo Picasso and Henri Matisse , as one of the three artists who helped to define the revolutionary developments in the plastic arts in the opening decades of the twentieth century , responsible for significant developments in painting and sculpture . Duchamp has had an immense impact on twentieth-century and twenty first-century art ; and he had a seminal influence on the development of conceptual art . By World War I , he had rejected the work of many of his fellow artists ( like Henri Matisse ) as "retinal" art , intended only to please the eye . Instead , Duchamp wanted to use art to serve the mind . Jiang Wen ( born 5 January 1963 ) is a Chinese film actor , screenwriter , and director . As a director , he is sometimes grouped with the "Sixth Generation" that emerged in the 1990s . Jiang is also well known internationally as an actor , having starred with Gong Li in Zhang Yimou 's debut film "Red Sorghum" ( 1986 ) , and more recently as Baze Malbus in the Star Wars anthology film "Rogue One" ( 2016 ) . He is the older brother of fellow actor Jiang Wu .
HMS "Queen Elizabeth" is the lead ship of the "Queen Elizabeth" -class of supercarrier , the largest warship ever built for the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom and capable of carrying up to 40 aircraft . The ship was named by Queen Elizabeth II in July 2014 , began sea trials in June 2017 and will formally be commissioned by the end of 2017 . Her first Commanding Officer is Commodore Jerry Kyd , who had previously commanded the carriers HMS "Ark Royal" and HMS "Illustrious" . As Captain of HMS "Queen Elizabeth" , Kyd will wear the Royal Navy rank of Captain while retaining the substantive rank of Commodore . Commodore Jerry Kyd is a Royal Navy officer who is the captain of the British aircraft carrier HMS "Queen Elizabeth" . He is the former captain of HMS "Ark Royal" and HMS "Illustrious" and the former commanding officer of Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth .
Beaumont is a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Burnside . Founded as a purpose-built village by Sir Samuel Davenport in 1848 , it initially struggled due to high land prices in the area . However , with Adelaide 's inevitable expansion residents eventually settled . The early village had quite a cosmopolitan flavour–although predominantly Anglo-Saxon like most of Australia at this point , many of Beaumont 's early residents were veterans of the British Navy or Army or had lived in other countries for some time . The City of Burnside is a local government area with an estimated population of 44,300 people in the South Australian city of Adelaide . Burnside was founded in August 1856 as the District Council of Burnside , and was classed as a city in 1943 . It is named after the property of an early settler and stretches from the Adelaide Parklands into the Adelaide foothills . It is bounded by Adelaide , Adelaide Hills Council , Campbelltown , Mitcham , Norwood Payneham and St Peters and Unley . The city has an area of 27.53 km² .
APB was a Scottish post-punk band , formed in 1979 , that blended funk rock , punk rock and new wave music . The group had only modest success during its brief run , yet their influence can be heard in the sound of such current bands as Franz Ferdinand , The Rapture , and Red Hot Chili Peppers . Sleeper are an English Britpop band , fronted by Louise Wener and formed in London . The group had eight UK Top 40 hit singles and three UK Top 10 albums during the 1990s Their music was also featured in the soundtrack of the pop cultural hit movie "Trainspotting" . The band split up in 1998 but reunited in 2017 for some live appearances .
Super Tuesday was a 1-hour professional wrestling television special event , produced by the World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) that took place on 12 November 2002 ( which was taped November 4 & 5 ) at the Fleet Center in Boston , Massachusetts and Verizon Wireless Arena in Manchester , New Hampshire , which featured matches from both Raw and SmackDown . It was a preview for Survivor Series and aired on UPN . TD Garden , often called Boston Garden and "The Garden" , is a multi-purpose arena in Boston , Massachusetts . It is named after its sponsor , TD Bank , a subsidiary of Canada 's Toronto-Dominion Bank . It opened in 1995 as a replacement for the original Boston Garden and has been known as Shawmut Center , FleetCenter , and TD Banknorth Garden . The arena is located directly above the MBTA 's North Station .
David William "Hughesy" Hughes ( born 26 November 1970 in Warrnambool , Victoria ) is an Australian stand-up comedian , and a radio and television presenter . Australia 's Got Talent is an Australian reality television show , based on the original UK series , to find new talent . Nine announced that the show would be returning in 2016 for an eighth season . It is the second season to air on Nine after it was axed in 2013 . Auditions are open for September and October 2015 . On 28 October 2015 , it was announced that Halliwell , French , Timomatic and Sandilands have been replaced with a new panel of judges , they are Kelly Osbourne , Ian "Dicko" Dickson , Sophie Monk and Eddie Perfect . Morris did not return as host as she is committed to another show and was replaced by Dave Hughes as the host . For the first time , this season introduced the Golden Buzzer . The season premiered on 1 February 2016 .
Maurice Elvey ( 11 November 1887 – 28 August 1967 ) was the most prolific film director in British history . He directed nearly 200 films between 1913 and 1957 . During the silent film era he directed as many as twenty films per year . He also produced more than fifty films - his own as well as films directed by others . Robert Francis "Bobcat" Goldthwait ( born May 26 , 1962 ) is an American comedian , filmmaker , actor and voice artist , known for his acerbic black comedy , delivered through an energetic stage persona with an unusual gruff and high-pitched voice . He came to prominence with his stand-up specials "An Evening with Bobcat Goldthwait – Share the Warmth" and "Bob Goldthwait – Is He Like That All the Time ?" and his acting roles , including Zed in the "Police Academy" franchise .
Sugarfoot is a 1951 western film starring Randolph Scott as Jackson 'Sugarfoot ' Redan and featuring Adele Jergens and Raymond Massey . George Randolph Scott ( January 23 , 1898 – March 2 , 1987 ) was an American film actor whose career spanned from 1928 to 1962 . As a leading man for all but the first three years of his cinematic career , Scott appeared in a variety of genres , including social dramas , crime dramas , comedies , musicals ( albeit in non-singing and non-dancing roles ) , adventure tales , war films , and a few horror and fantasy films . However , his most enduring image is that of the tall-in-the-saddle Western hero . Out of his more than 100 film appearances over 60 were in Westerns ; thus , "of all the major stars whose name was associated with the Western , Scott most closely identified with it ."
The Rural Electrification Act of 1936 , enacted on May 20 , 1936 , provided federal loans for the installation of electrical distribution systems to serve isolated rural areas of the United States . Augustus Jesse Bowie Jr. ( December 10 , 1872 – June 22 , 1955 , birth name Augustus Jesse Bowie III ) was a pioneering American technology engineer , inventor and entrepreneur . His crucial early innovations in large-capacity electrical switches , including the 1000lb . 287Kv disconnecting switch , were important in the early spread of electrification on the West Coast of the United States during the 1910's-1920s , and became essential to the New Deal 's mass-scale rural electrification efforts in the 1930s . Bowie was an 1896 graduate of the engineering program at MIT in Boston , and this region of the United States was the locus of innovation in and promulgation of electrification at the time , which was primarily oriented towards centralized urban office/industrial use . Bowie , however , was born and bred in the San Francisco bay area of California , and his mass electrification innovations were put into use in this bustling yet geographically-spread out region first , allowing for the building of an unprecedented electrical grid that would spawn a decentralized regional culture of technological innovation ; a region eventually recognized as Silicon Valley . .
Origanum ( ) is a genus of herbaceous perennials and subshrubs in the family Lamiaceae , native to Europe , North Africa , and much of temperate Asia , where they are found in open or mountainous habitats . A few species also naturalized in scattered locations in North America and other regions . Catasetum , abbreviated as Ctsm in horticultural trade , is a genus of showy epiphytic Orchids , family Orchidaceae , subfamily Epidendroideae , tribe Cymbidieae , subtribe Catasetinae , with 166 species , many of which are highly prized in horticulture .
Chad Gray ( born October 16 , 1971 ) , is the lead vocalist for the groove metal supergroup Hellyeah and former lead vocalist for American heavy metal band Mudvayne . Richard Allan Peterson ( September 12 , 1946 – October 12 , 2009 ) was an American musician , best known as the bassist and lead singer for Blue Cheer . He also recorded two solo albums : "Child of the Darkness" and "Tramp" .
Christopher Oscar Peña is a playwright , screenwright , actor and educator who resides in New York City . He teaches theater at NYU 's Tisch School of Arts and is a member of the Playwrights Unit at Goodman Theatre in Chicago . He also has had work commissioned by Yale Repertory Theatre . Peña is the co-writer of the Golden Globe nominated TV series , Jane the Virgin and was on the "Future Broadway Power List ," by Backstage ( magazine ) in 2014 . Backstage ( aka Back Stage ) is an entertainment-industry brand aimed at people working in film and the performing arts , with a special focus on casting , job opportunities , and career advice .
Edward Carfagno ( November 28 , 1907 – December 28 , 1996 ) was an art director who established himself in the 1950s with his Oscar-winning work on such films as Vincente Minnelli 's "The Bad and the Beautiful" ( 1952 ) , Joseph Mankiewicz 's "Julius Caesar" ( 1953 ) and William Wyler 's "Ben-Hur" ( 1959 ) . Carfagno went on to work consistently on a variety of films , including five collaborations with Clint Eastwood including "Tightrope" ( 1984 ) and "Heartbreak Ridge" ( 1987 ) . Julius Caesar is a 1953 epic Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation of the play by Shakespeare , directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz , who also wrote the uncredited screenplay , and produced by John Houseman . The original music score is by Miklós Rózsa . The film stars Marlon Brando as Mark Antony , James Mason as Brutus , John Gielgud as Cassius , Louis Calhern as Julius Caesar , Edmond O'Brien as Casca , Greer Garson as Calpurnia , and Deborah Kerr as Portia .
Jason Derik Isringhausen ( born September 7 , 1972 ) is an American former professional baseball pitcher and coach . He pitched in Major League Baseball from 1995 through 2012 for the New York Mets , Oakland Athletics , St. Louis Cardinals , Tampa Bay Rays , and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim . The St. Louis Cardinals 2006 season was the team 's 125th season in St. Louis , Missouri and the 115th season in the National League . The season started out with a bang , as the team raced out to a 31-16 record by late May . Momentum would be slowed by injuries , as starting pitcher Mark Mulder was lost for the year , while center fielder Jim Edmonds and shortstop David Eckstein missed large amounts of playing time in the second half . Poor performance from several key players also hampered the team : starting pitcher Jason Marquis compiled a 6.02 ERA , starting pitcher Sidney Ponson was cut due to ineffectiveness , closer Jason Isringhausen blew ten saves before undergoing season-ending hip surgery in September , and catcher Yadier Molina had a poor offensive year , batting .216 .
The University of New Haven ( UNH ) is a private , nonsectarian , coeducational university located in West Haven , Connecticut , which borders the larger city of New Haven and Long Island Sound . U.S. News & World Report has named the University the 100th best university in the northeastern United States as well as in the top tier of engineering programs nationwide in its annual "America 's Best Colleges" rankings . Between its main campus in West Haven and its graduate school campus in Orange , Connecticut , the University is situated on approximately 122 acres of land . Combining a liberal arts education with professional training , the University comprises six degree-granting colleges : the College of Arts and Sciences , the Lyme Academy College of Fine Arts , the College of Business , the Tagliatela College of Engineering , the Henry C. Lee College of Criminal Justice and Forensic Sciences , and the College of Lifelong & eLearning for adult and online students . Carnegie Mellon University ( Carnegie Mellon or CMU or ) is a private research university in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Shikashika is a shaved ice drink made from glacier ice in Peru and Bolivia . In some rural communities , the extraction and sale of ice continues to be a primary natural resource for local economies . Ice merchants extract the blocks with an axe by hand and transport them down from the mountains atop mules . The unit of sale is usually an ice block weighing approximately 40 kilos which is sold to Shikashika vendors . Each block sells for approximately 17 USD . In turn , Shikashika is sold for approximately 15 cents in plastic bags with colorful sweet syrups at Andean festivals and on market day . The word Shikashika is onomatopeia from the Amerindian language Quechua . An alternative word for Shikashika in Spanish is "raspadilla ." Finding Kraftland is a 2006 independent documentary from Richard Kraft productions starring Stacey J. Aswad , Richard Kraft , and Nicky Kraft . It premiered at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival on June 17 , 2006 and continued to play in over 75 film festivals around the globe .
Pandosia ( Greek : Πανδοσία ) was an ancient town of Lucania ( now Basilicata ) , Italy , situated near Heraclea . It has often been confounded with Pandosia in Bruttium ; but the distinct existence of a Lucanian town of the name is clearly established by two authorities . Plutarch describes Pyrrhus as encamping in the plain between Pandosia and Heraclea , with the river Siris ( modern Sinni ) in front of him ; and the celebrated "Tabulae Heracleenses" repeatedly refer to the existence of a town of the name in the immediate neighborhood of Heraclea . From these notices we may infer that it was situated at a very short distance from Heraclea , but apparently further inland ; and its site has been fixed with some probability at a spot called , about 11 km from the sea , and 6.5 km from Heraclea . Pyrrhus ( ; Πύρρος , "Pyrrhos" ; 319/318–272 BC ) was a Greek general and statesman of the Hellenistic period . He was king of the Greek tribe of Molossians , of the royal Aeacid house ( from c. 297 BC ) , and later he became king of Epirus ( r. 306–302 , 297–272 BC ) . He was one of the strongest opponents of early Rome . Some of his battles , though successful , caused him heavy losses , from which the term "Pyrrhic victory" was coined . He is the subject of one of Plutarch 's "Parallel Lives" .
The Battle of the Rosebud ( also known as the Battle of Rosebud Creek ) occurred June 17 , 1876 , in the Montana Territory between the United States Army and its Crow and Shoshoni allies against a force consisting mostly of Lakota Sioux and Northern Cheyenne Indians during the Great Sioux War of 1876 . The Cheyenne called it the Battle Where the Girl Saved Her Brother , because of an incident during the fight involving Buffalo Calf Road Woman . General George Crook 's offensive was stymied by the Indians , led by Crazy Horse , and he awaited reinforcements before resuming the campaign in August . The Other Magpie was a Crow woman who fought in the Battle of the Rosebud on the side of General Crook against the Sioux and Cheyenne . Pretty Shield , a Crow author and medicine woman , described her as being wild and attractive , but not having a man . She fought because her brother had recently been killed by the Sioux and she sought revenge against them . Most of the Crow carried rifles , but The Other Magpie carried only her belt knife and her coup stick . She counted coup on a Sioux warrior and eventually killed and scalped him . The scalp that she took was one of only eleven taken in the battle . Pretty Shield described her as having tied a feather on the end of her coup stick to symbolize her achievement . Later , she cut the scalp into pieces and gave them to the male warriors so they would have more scalps for the dance after the battle .
Plasma ( from Ancient Greek πλάσμα , meaning "moldable substance" or "jelly" ) can simply be considered as a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged positive ions , however , true plasma production is from the distinct separation of these ions and electrons that produces an electric field , which in turn , produces electric currents and magnetic fields . Plasma is one of the four fundamental states of matter and was first introduced by chemist Irving Langmuir in the 1920s . Unlike , the other three states of solid , liquid , and gas , plasma does not freely exist on the Earth . Plasma can be generated by heating neutral gases or by subjecting gas to a strong electromagnetic field . When discussing weapons in science fiction , a plasma weapon is a type of raygun that fires a stream , bolt ( s ) , pulse or toroid of plasma ( i.e . very hot , very energetic excited matter ) . The primary damage mechanism of these fictional weapons is usually thermal transfer ; it typically causes serious burns , and often immediate death of living creatures , and melts or evaporates other materials . In certain fiction , plasma weapons may also have a significant kinetic energy component , that is to say the ionized material is projected with sufficient momentum to cause some secondary impact damage in addition to causing high thermal damage . In some fictions , like Star Wars , plasma is highly effective against mechanical targets such as droids . The ionized gas disrupts their systems .
Marshal Pietro Badoglio , 1st Duke of Addis Abeba , 1st Marquess of Sabotino ( ] ; 28 September 1871 – 1 November 1956 ) , was an Italian general during both World Wars and a Prime Minister of Italy , as well as the first viceroy of Italian East Africa . The Italian Co-Belligerent Navy ( Marina Cobelligerante Italiana ) , or Navy of the South ( Marina del Sud ) or Royal Navy ( Regia Marina ) , was the navy of the Italian royalist forces fighting on the side of the Allies in southern Italy after the Allied armistice with Italy in September 1943 . The Italian seamen fighting for this navy no longer fought for Italian dictator Benito Mussolini . Their allegiance was to King Victor Emmanuel and Marshal of Italy ( "Maresciallo d'Italia" ) Pietro Badoglio , the men who ousted Mussolini .
Goran Dragić ( born 6 May 1986 ) is a Slovenian professional basketball for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) . He plays at both the point guard and shooting guard positions . He played professional basketball in Slovenia and Spain before entering the NBA in 2008 . Dragić has played for the Phoenix Suns twice , the Houston Rockets , and the Miami Heat . He was an All-NBA Third Team selection and the NBA Most Improved Player in 2014 . The 2013–14 NBA season was the Phoenix Suns ' 46th season in the NBA . This season marked the first time that purple was not a primary color for the team ( although it was still involved with their system ) . It was also the first time since the beginning of the 1987–88 NBA season that the Suns ended up drafting in the top 5 of a draft . In addition , it was the first time since the beginning of the 2000–01 NBA season that the Suns made complete changes in not only their logos , but also their jerseys . When the Suns began the regular season , Goran Dragić , P. J. Tucker , Markieff Morris , and his twin brother Marcus Morris were the only players returning from playing with last season 's team ( while Channing Frye was still on last season 's team , he did n't play any games due to a life-threatening heart ailment he had at the time ) . The Phoenix Suns , despite their winning record , failed to make the playoffs . This drew criticism from many fans regarding the conference system as multiple sub-.500 teams in the Eastern Conference managed to make playoffs , with the Suns holding a Top 4 Eastern Conference seeded team had they been a part of that conference that year instead .
U.S. Bank Stadium is a fixed-roof stadium in the north central United States , located in the Downtown East neighborhood of Minneapolis , Minnesota . Built on the former site of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome , the indoor stadium opened in 2016 and is the home of the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League ( NFL ) ; it also hosts early season college baseball games of the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers ( NCAA ) . The 2013 Minnesota Vikings season was the franchise 's 53rd season in the National Football League . It also marked the Vikings ' final season playing their home games at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome ; the team played their home games at TCF Bank Stadium for the 2014 and 2015 seasons while construction of U.S. Bank Stadium , which opened in 2016 , took place on the site of the Metrodome . Following a Week 9 loss to the Dallas Cowboys , the Vikings were no longer able to match their 10–6 record from 2012 , and their loss to the Baltimore Ravens five weeks later sealed their elimination from playoff contention .
Robert T. Beers ( born October 14 , 1959 ) is an American accountant ( CPA ) and member of the Republican Party who currently serves as a member of the Las Vegas City Council , representing Ward 2 . He was previously a member of the Nevada Assembly from 1998 to 2004 and the Nevada Senate from 2005 to 2008 . He ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for Governor of Nevada in 2006 and in January 2014 , he announced that he would run against Democratic Senator Harry Reid in the 2016 U.S. Senate election , but he withdrew from the race in June 2015 . The 2016 United States Senate election in Nevada was held on November 8 , 2016 to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Nevada , concurrently with the 2016 U.S. presidential election , as well as other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections . The state primary election was held on June 14 , 2016 .
Claudia Albertario Rodríguez ( ] ; born May 16 , 1977 ) is an Argentine model , vedette and actress of theatre , television and film . Her notable credits include "Amigovios" ( 1995 ) , "Como pan caliente" ( 1996 ) , "Montaña rusa , otra vuelta" ( 1997 ) , "Chiquititas" ( 1997–1999 ) , "Gasoleros" ( 1998 and 1999 ) , and "Verano del '98" ( 1998–2001 ) . She also appeared on "Dancing on Ice" around the world . Dancing on Ice is a British made dance competition television series franchise produced around the world . The format , devised by London Weekend Television and Granada Television for ITV , has been a prime-time hit in eight different countries , including Britain and subsequently in Italy and Chile . In Australia , where it was titled "Torvill and Dean 's Dancing on Ice" , it was axed after just one series owing to production costs .
Jang Joon-hwan ( born January 18 , 1970 ) is a South Korean film director . Peter James Yates ( 24 July 1929 – 9 January 2011 ) was an English film director and producer . He was born in Aldershot , Hampshire .
Darren Benjamin Shepherd is an American screenwriter and film director . He was born in San Jose , CA and graduated with film and music degrees from San Jose State University . Rémi Lange ( born 4 February 1969 in Gennevilliers , Hauts-de-Seine ) is a French film director . Lange 's films have mostly been released directly to video , except "Omelette" ( 1998 ) where he filmed his own coming out , and its sequel "Les Yeux brouillés" ( 2000 ) , which both had general cinematic release in France . His films have been shown and have won awards at film festivals around the world .
Clement Richard Attlee , 1st Earl Attlee , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( 3 January 1883 – 8 October 1967 ) was a British Labour politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1945 to 1951 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1935 to 1955 . In 1940 , Attlee took Labour into the wartime coalition government and served under Winston Churchill , becoming the first person to hold the office of Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom . He went on to lead the Labour Party to an unexpected landslide victory at the 1945 general election ; forming the first Labour majority government , and a mandate to implement its postwar reforms . The 12.0 % national swing from the Conservatives to Labour was unprecedented at that time and remains the largest ever achieved by any party at a general election in British electoral history . He was re-elected with a narrow majority at the 1950 general election . In the following year , Attlee called a snap general election , hoping to increase his parliamentary majority . However , he was narrowly defeated by the Conservatives under the leadership of Winston Churchill ; despite winning the most votes of any political party in any general election in British political history until the Conservative Party 's fourth consecutive victory in 1992 . Attlee remains the longest-ever serving Leader of the Labour Party . The 1948 Commonwealth Prime Ministers ' Conference was the third Meeting of the Heads of Government of the British Commonwealth . It was held in the United Kingdom in October 1948 , and was hosted by that country 's Prime Minister , Clement Attlee .
Britney Spears Live from Las Vegas is the fourth video album by American recording artist Britney Spears , released on January 22 , 2002 . Recorded during Spears ' 2001-2002 "Dream Within a Dream Tour" at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in a special Las Vegas concert originally broadcast on HBO , Spears performed 16 songs in between dance routines and costume changes . The MGM Grand Garden Arena ( originally known as the MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center ) is a multi-purpose arena located within the MGM Grand Las Vegas on the Las Vegas Strip .
K. S. Babu is a theoretical physicist , regents professor and interim head of the Department of Physics at Oklahoma State University . He received his PhD in 1986 from the University of Hawaii , under the supervision of Ernest Ma . The University of Hawaiʻi system ( formally the University of Hawaiʻi and popularly known as U.H . ) is a public , co-educational college and university system that confers associate , bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees through three university campuses , seven community college campuses , an employment training center , three university centers , four education centers and various other research facilities distributed across six islands throughout the State of Hawaii in the United States . All schools of the University of Hawaii system are accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges . The U.H . system 's main administrative offices are located on the property of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa in Honolulu CDP .
John Terrill Majors ( born May 21 , 1935 ) is a former American football player and coach . A standout halfback at the University of Tennessee , he was an All-American in 1956 and a two-time winner of the Southeastern Conference Most Valuable Player award , in 1955 and 1956 . He finished second to Paul Hornung in voting for the Heisman Trophy in 1956 . Majors served as the head football coach at Iowa State University ( 1968–1972 ) , the University of Pittsburgh ( 1973–1976 , 1993–1996 ) , and Tennessee ( 1977–1992 ) , compiling a career college football record of 185–137–10 . His 1976 Pittsburgh squad won a national championship after capping a 12–0 season with a victory in the Sugar Bowl . Majors was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1987 . Paul Vernon Hornung ( born December 23 , 1935 ) , nicknamed "The Golden Boy" , is a former professional American football player , a Hall of Fame running back for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) from 1957 to 1966 , winning four NFL titles and the first Super Bowl . He is the first in pro football history to win the Heisman Trophy , be selected as the first overall selection in the NFL Draft , win the NFL most valuable player award , and be inducted into both the professional and college football halls of fame .
José Baviera ( 17 August 1906 – 13 August 1981 ) was a Spanish film actor . He appeared in more than 190 films and television shows between 1924 and 1979 . He starred in Luis Buñuel 's 1962 film "The Exterminating Angel" . Luis Buñuel Portolés ( ] ; 22 February 1900 – 29 July 1983 ) was a Spanish-born Mexican filmmaker who worked in Spain , Mexico and France .
San Angelo Regional Airport ( IATA : SJT , ICAO : KSJT , FAA LID : SJT ) , also known as Mathis Field , is a public airport serving the city of San Angelo , in Tom Green County , Texas , USA . The airport covers 1503 acre and has three runways . The airport also offers free parking . Grand Junction Regional Airport ( IATA : KGJT , ICAO : GJT ) is a public airport three miles northeast of Grand Junction , in Mesa County , Colorado . Owned by the Grand Junction Regional Airport Authority , it is the largest airport in western Colorado and third largest in the state , behind Denver International Airport and Colorado Springs Airport .
Daiquiri ( ; Spanish : "daiquirí" ] ) is a family of cocktails whose main ingredients are rum , citrus juice ( typically lime juice ) , and sugar or other sweetener . A Polar Bear , After Eight or Peppermint Paddy ( a play on "Peppermint Pattie" ) is a mint chocolate cocktail that tastes like a York Peppermint Pattie or an After Eight wafer . It is usually made from crème de cacao and peppermint schnapps , although crème de menthe is a popular substitute .
Alan Crosland ( August 10 , 1894 – July 16 , 1936 ) was an American stage actor and film director . Kurt Voss ( born Kurt Christopher Peter Wössner ) is an American film director , screenwriter and musician-songwriter . Voss 's credits include Will Smith 's debut "Where The Day Takes You" ; the Justin Theroux , Alyssa Milano and Ice T action film "Below Utopia" ; actress Jaime Pressly 's debut feature "" , and rock and roll related films including "Down and Out with the Dolls" and "Ghost on The Highway : A Portrait of Jeffrey Lee Pierce and The Gun Club" .
California State Polytechnic University , Pomona ( CPP , Cal Poly Pomona , or Cal Poly ) is a public polytechnic university located in Pomona , California , United States . It is one of two polytechnics in the California State University system . The Ural Federal University named after the first President of Russia B. N. Yeltsin ( Russian : Уральский федеральный университет имени первого Президента России Б.Н . Ельцина , "Uralʹskiĭ federalʹnyĭ universitet imeni pervogo Prezidenta Rossii B.N . Yelʹtsina" , often shortened to UrFU , УрФУ ) ( formed by a merger of the Ural State Technical University and Ural State University ) is one of the leading educational institutions in the Ural region . Ural Federal University acts as a research and innovation center of the Ural region and has close cooperation with the Russian Academy of Sciences . Training of students is carried out in four main areas of knowledge and 108 academic majors . The links between the university and intermediate educational institutions are actively developed . The University also performs consistent work on establishing strategic partnership with employers for the sake of development of the regional economy : employers are involved in the educational environment as direct participants , large-scale enployers-sponsored and corporate education is carried out based on the client-centered approach , joint business projects in economic and social areas are realized .
Sports Illustrated is an American sports media franchise owned by Time Inc. Its self-titled magazine has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million people each week , including over 18 million men . It was the first magazine with circulation over one million to win the National Magazine Award for General Excellence twice . Its swimsuit issue , which has been published since 1964 , is now an annual publishing event that generates its own television shows , videos and calendars . Philip ( "Phil" ) Edwards ( born June 10 , 1938 ) is an American surfer from Oceanside , California . He is credited with being the first to surf the Banzai pipeline in Hawaii , being the first professional surfer , and creating the first signature surf board . He was the subject of a cover story , and his photo appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated in 1966 . Edwards was also featured prominently in the Bruce Brown films "The Endless Summer" and before that "Surfing Hollow Days" which featured the first film footage of Pipeline .
California State University , Dominguez Hills ( also known as CSUDH , Dominguez Hills , or Cal State Dominguez Hills ) is a public university within the 23-school California State University ( CSU ) system . It is located in the city of Carson , California in the South Bay region of Los Angeles County and was founded in 1960 . The University of Oriente Venezuela ( Spanish : "Universidad de Oriente Venezuela" , UDO ) is one of the most important universities of Venezuela , located in Eastern Venezuela .
Parodia is a genus of flowering plants in the cactus family Cactaceae , native to the uplands of Argentina , Peru , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia and Uruguay . This genus has about 50 species , many of which have been transferred from "Eriocactus" , "Notocactus" and "Wigginsia" . They range from small globose plants to 1 m tall columnar cacti . All are deeply ribbed and spiny , with single flowers at or near the crown . Some species produce offsets at the base . They are popular in cultivation , but must be grown indoors where temperatures fall below 10 C . Thalictrum ( ) is a genus of 120-200 species of herbaceous perennial flowering plants in the Ranunculaceae ( buttercup ) family native mostly to temperate regions . Meadow-rue is a common name for plants in this genus .
Jacksonville International Airport ( IATA : JAX , ICAO : KJAX , FAA LID : JAX ) is a civil-military public airport 13 miles ( 21 km ) north of Downtown Jacksonville , in Duval County , Florida . It is owned and operated by the Jacksonville Aviation Authority . Central Illinois Regional Airport at Bloomington-Normal ( IATA : KBMI , ICAO : BMI ) is a public airport in McLean County , Illinois , three miles east of Bloomington and southeast of Normal . Owned by the Bloomington-Normal Airport Authority , it is also known as Central Illinois Regional Airport ( CIRA ) .
Obafemi Akinwunmi Martins ( born 28 October 1984 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for Shanghai Greenland Shenhua . He is known for his speed on the ball . Pierre Nlend Womé ( born 26 March 1979 ) is a Cameroonian retired footballer who played as a defender . A journeyman , Womé was a versatile and skillful left wingback who played for 14 clubs in six countries , being only one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions in Italy , Spain , England and Germany respectively ( the others are Jon Dahl Tomasson , Abel Xavier , Gheorghe Popescu , Florin Răducioiu , Pepe Reina , Christian Poulsen , Maniche , Marko Marin , Eduardo Vargas and Obafemi Martins ) .
Pankaj Mullick , also known as Pankaj Kumar Mullick ( "Pôngkoj Kumar Mollik" ; 10 May 1905 – 19 February 1978 ) , was a Bengali Indian music director , who was a pioneer of film music in Bengali cinema and Hindi cinema at the advent of playback singing , as well as an early exponent of Rabindra Sangeet . Dui Purush ( Two Generations ) is a 1945 Bengali language epic family drama film directed by Subodh Mitra . Produced by New Theatres and adapted from Tarashankar Banerji 's novel and popular stage play , it had screenplay by Binoy Chatterjee . The editing was done by Mitra , who was popularly known as Kachi Babu , and cited as one of the best editors in the film industry . Music director was Pankaj Mullick with lyrics by Sailen Roy . The cinematographers were Sudhin Majumdar and Yusuf Mulji . The cast included Chhabi Biswas , Chandravati , Sunanda Banerjee , Ahindra Choudhury , Tulsi Chakraborty , Jahar Ganguly , Naresh Mitra .
Arthur Schnitzler ( 15 May 1862 – 21 October 1931 ) was an Austrian author and dramatist . The Bachelor ( also known as Mio caro dottor Gräsler ) is a 1990 drama film directed by Roberto Faenza and starring Keith Carradine , Miranda Richardson and Kristin Scott Thomas . It is set in the Austro-Hungarian Empire before the First World War . Doctor Emil Gräsler , a distinguished physician , is forced to choose between two women he loves . It is based on the novel "Dr. Gräsler , Badearzt" by Arthur Schnitzler .
Gennifer Flowers ( born January 24 , 1950 ) is an American model and actress who obtained notoriety after revealing a sexual encounter with U.S. President Bill Clinton . In January 1998 , Clinton testified under oath that there had been a sexual encounter between Flowers and him . Before Clinton 's presidency , she posed nude for "Penthouse" magazine and was an actress in two films and one TV show . Their Lives : The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine is a book by Candice E. Jackson . Published by conservative publisher World Ahead Publishing on May 31 , 2005 , it recounts the stories of seven women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton : Monica Lewinsky , Paula Jones , Gennifer Flowers , Kathleen Willey , Elizabeth Gracen , Juanita Broaddrick , and Sally Perdue .
The Presidio of San Francisco ( originally , El Presidio Real de San Francisco or The Royal Fortress of Saint Francis ) is a park and former U.S. Army military fort on the northern tip of the San Francisco Peninsula in San Francisco , California , and is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area . San Francisco National Cemetery is an United States national cemetery , located in the Presidio of San Francisco , California . Because of the name and location , it is frequently confused with Golden Gate National Cemetery , a few miles south of the city .
The Love for Three Oranges , Op . 33 , also known by its French language title L'amour des trois oranges ( Russian : Любовь к трём апельсинам , "Lyubov ' k tryom apel'sinam" ) , is a satirical opera by Sergei Prokofiev . Its French libretto was based on the Italian play "L'amore delle tre melarance" by Carlo Gozzi . The opera premiered at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago , Illinois , on 30 December 1921 . Sergei Sergeyevich Prokofiev ( ; Russian : Сергей Сергеевич Прокофьев , "Sergej Sergejevič Prokofjev" ; 27 April 1891 – 5 March 1953 ) was a Soviet composer , pianist and conductor . As the creator of acknowledged masterpieces across numerous musical genres , he is regarded as one of the major composers of the 20th century . His works include such widely heard works as the March from "The Love for Three Oranges ," the suite "Lieutenant Kijé" , the ballet "Romeo and Juliet" – from which "Dance of the Knights" is taken – and "Peter and the Wolf ." Of the established forms and genres in which he worked , he created – excluding juvenilia – seven completed operas , seven symphonies , eight ballets , five piano concertos , two violin concertos , a cello concerto , a Symphony-Concerto for cello and orchestra , and nine completed piano sonatas .
South Dade Senior High School is a secondary school located in unincorporated Miami-Dade County , Florida , near Homestead . Homestead is a city within Miami-Dade County in the U.S. state of Florida , between Biscayne National Park to the east and Everglades National Park to the west . Homestead is primarily a Miami suburb and a major agricultural area . It is a principal city of the Miami metropolitan area , which was home to an estimated 6,012,331 people at the 2015 census .
Arabella Chapman ( 1859–1927 ) was an African-American woman who is best remembered for being the first student to graduate from upstate New York 's Albany School for Educating People of Color , later known as Albany High School . Albany High School ( AHS ) in Albany , New York , United States , is a public high school with an enrollment of about 2,300 students for the 2014-15 school year . The school is part of the City School District of Albany . It opened on September 7 , 1868 , as the Albany Free Academy . Albany High has been located at 700 Washington Avenue since 1974 .
The 2015 Russell Athletic Bowl was a post-season American college football bowl game played on December 29 , 2015 at the Orlando Citrus Bowl in Orlando , Florida . The 26th edition of the Russell Athletic Bowl featured the North Carolina Tar Heels of the Atlantic Coast Conference against the Baylor Bears of the Big 12 Conference . It began at 5:30 p.m. EST and aired on ESPN . It was one of the 2015–16 bowl games that concluded the 2015 FBS football season . The game 's naming rights sponsor was the Russell Athletic uniform company . The 2015 Baylor Bears football team represented Baylor University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The Bears were coached by Art Briles , playing their 117th football season ; this year was the team 's second season in McLane Stadium in Waco , Texas . The Bears were members of the Big 12 Conference . They finished the season 10–3 , 6–3 in Big 12 play to finish in fourth place . They were invited to the Russell Athletic Bowl where they defeated North Carolina 49–38 .
Eduardo Kuno Becker Paz ( born January 14 , 1978 ) is a Mexican actor who has worked in telenovelas , Mexican cinema and U.S. cinema , but is best known for his portrayal of Ruben Berrizabal in "Soñadoras" and Santiago Muñez in the football movie "Goal ! "and following sequels . Panic 5 Bravo is an action-thriller film directed by Kuno Becker about American paramedics that become trapped on the Mexican side of the border and terrorized by a violent psychopath . It was released in the U.S. by Pantelion Films .
John Henry O'Hara ( January 31 , 1905 – April 11 , 1970 ) was an American writer , best remembered as a keen observer of social status and manners in early to mid 20th century America and pre-eminent among his contemporaries at depicting social realism . He first earned a reputation for short stories and later became a best-selling novelist before the age of 30 with "Appointment in Samarra" and "BUtterfield 8" . Bobbie Ann Mason ( born May 1 , 1940 ) is a Southern United States novelist , short story writer , essayist , and literary critic from Kentucky .
The 2004–05 NBA season was the Grizzlies ' tenth season in the National Basketball Association , and their fourth season in Memphis . Coming off their first playoff appearance in franchise history , the Grizzlies had a new look and moved into their new arena , the FedExForum . However , the team struggled with a 5–7 start as 71-year old Hubie Brown retired from coaching due to "unexpected health problems" . The Grizzlies would lose their next four games under Lionel Hollins before replacing him with TNT analyst Mike Fratello . Under Fratello , the Grizzlies would win 12 of their 15 games in January climbing back into playoff connection . Despite losing five of their last six games , the Grizzlies finished fourth in the Southwest Division with a 45–37 record , making their second consecutive trip to the playoffs . Lionel Eugene Hollins ( born October 19 , 1953 ) is an American basketball coach and former professional basketball player . He most recently served as the head coach of the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Newark ( or also locally ) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of New Jersey and the seat of Essex County . As one of the nation 's major air , shipping , and rail hubs , the city had a population of 277,140 in 2010 , making it the nation 's 67th most-populous municipality , after being ranked 63rd in the nation in 2000 . For 2015 , the Census Bureau 's Population Estimates Program calculated a population of 281,944 , an increase of 1.7 % from the 2010 enumeration , ranking the city the 70th largest in the nation . Newark is the second largest city in the New York metropolitan area , located approximately 8 mi west of lower Manhattan . Anthony Avent ( born October 18 , 1969 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the first round ( 15th pick overall ) of the 1991 NBA Draft . Born in Rocky Mount , North Carolina , Avent played for the Milwaukee Bucks , Orlando Magic , Vancouver Grizzlies , Utah Jazz and Los Angeles Clippers in six NBA seasons . He played collegiately at Seton Hall University where he played in the 1989 NCAA championship game . Prior to Seton Hall , Avent played at Malcolm X Shabazz High School in Newark , New Jersey .
Bauerfield International Airport ( IATA : VLI , ICAO : NVVV ) is an airport located in Port Vila , Vanuatu . The airport is relatively small in size , but its runway has the capability and length to accept jets up to the Airbus A330 . It serves as the hub for Vanuatu 's flag carrier airline , Air Vanuatu . Air Vanuatu is an airline with its head office in the Air Vanuatu House , Port Vila , Vanuatu . It is Vanuatu 's national flag carrier , operating to Australia , New Zealand and points in the South Pacific . Its main base is Bauerfield International Airport , Port Vila .
Pago Pago International Airport ( IATA : PPG , ICAO : NSTU , FAA LID : PPG ) , also known as Tafuna Airport , is a public airport located 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) southwest of the central business district of Pago Pago , in the village and plains of Tafuna on the island of Tutuila in American Samoa , an unincorporated territory of the United States . Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport ( IATA : CHA , ICAO : KCHA , FAA LID : CHA ) , also known as Lovell Field , is a public airport located five miles ( 8 km ) east of the central business district of Chattanooga , a city in Hamilton County , Tennessee , United States . The airport is owned and operated by the Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport Authority . It is a Class C airport serviced by Chattanooga Approach .
The Beaulieu Mine was a post-World War II gold mining operation near Yellowknife , Northwest Territories . It entered production in October 1947 , but by the end of November only 7 troy ounces ( 220 g ) of rough gold were recovered . Additional gold was recovered during 1948 , but altogether the mine recovered only 30 troy ounces ( 930 g ) of fine gold . The operation folded in chaos and bankruptcy . The Colomac Mine was a privately owned and operated open pit gold mine located 220 km northwest of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories in Canada . The Colomac mine operated between 1990–1992 , and 1994–1997 . It was operated by Neptune Resources Limited that had little success in making a profit during its operation . In 1994 , the mine had reopened under Royal Oak Mines Inc . Both Neptune Resources and Royal Oak Mines where both owned and operated by Peggy Witte . Due to low gold prices and high cost of mining , Royal Oak Mines was forced into bankruptcy . The Federal Government of Canada became owners of the mine , along with the related environmental issues . A major cleanup effort is under way to prevent the mine from polluting the environment , but this might be too late at this stage . This mine is now owned and controlled by the Indigenous and Northern Affairs department of the Federal government , while Public Works and Government services is the current contracting authority .
Triangle Brewing Co. ( TBC ) is a microbrewery owned and operated entirely by business partners ( and high-school friends ) Rick "the Brewer" Tufts and Andy "the Bloke" Miller , who have recently resettled in Durham , North Carolina from Connecticut . Andy Miller had extensive local restaurant management experience , and Rick Tufts apprenticed at Flying Fish Brewing Company and was an avid homebrewer long before founding a new brewery . TBC began selling beer on July 4 , 2007 and was the only microbrewery in Durham . The arrival of a microbrewery in Durham is arguably part of the current downtown art , building , and cultural Renaissance . Homebrewing is the brewing of beer on a small scale for personal , non-commercial purposes .
Jorge Aguirre is an author and children 's television show writer and producer . He is the writer of the graphic novel series "The Chronicles of Claudette" for Macmillan/First Second Books . The series includes "Giants Beware" , "Dragons Beware" , and the forthcoming "Monsters Beware" . He is also the co-creator of Disney Junior 's Goldie & Bear with Rick Gitelson . He 's also written for Martha Speaks , Dora The Explorer , Dora and Friends , and Handy Manny and other shows . He was born and raised in Columbus , Ohio to Colombian parents . He currently lives on the East Coast . Goldie & Bear is an American animated preschool television series which began on September 12 , 2015 . The show was created for Disney Junior by Jorge Aguirre and Rick Gitelson and directed by Chris Gilligan with songs by Rob Cantor and score by Greg Nicolett and Gregory James Jenkins . This show is produced with CGI computer animation . Season One was produced by Milk Barn Animation and lasted from September 9 , 2015 to August 15 , 2016 . The show was renewed for a second season in 2016 that premiered on September 18 , 2017 .
The Scandinavian Collectors Club is a United States-based philatelic society dedicated to the collection and study of the postage stamps and postal history of the Scandinavia region , including the geographical regions of Åland , Aunus , the Danish West Indies , Denmark , the Faroes , Finland , Greenland , Iceland , Karelia , North Ingermanland , Norway , Slesvig , and Sweden . The Danish West Indies ( Danish : "Dansk Vestindien" ) or Danish Antilles was a Danish colony in the Caribbean , consisting of the islands of Saint Thomas with 32 sqmi ; Saint John with 19 sqmi ; and Saint Croix with 84 sqmi . The Danish West India Guinea Company annexed the uninhabited island of Saint Thomas
The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards were held on August 30 , 2015 . The 32nd installment of the event was held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles , California , and hosted by Miley Cyrus . Taylor Swift led the nominations with a total of ten , followed by Ed Sheeran , who had six. , bringing his total number of mentions to 13 . Swift 's "Wildest Dreams" music video premiered during the pre-show . Cyrus also announced and released her studio album "Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz" , right after her performance at the end of the show . During his acceptance speech , Kanye West announced that he would be running for the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election . Taylor Swift won the most awards with four , including Video of the Year and Best Female Video . The VMA trophies were redesigned by Jeremy Scott . "Wildest Dreams" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fifth studio album , "1989" . The song was released to radio by Big Machine Records on August 31 , 2015 , as the album 's fifth single . Swift co-wrote the song with its producers Max Martin and Shellback . Musically , "Wildest Dreams" is a love ballad with a prominent dream pop influence , with the lyrics describing Swift 's plea for her lover to remember her .
The Gibson is a mixed drink made with gin and vermouth , and often garnished with a pickled onion . The oldest published recipe for the Gibson is found in the 1908 book , "The World 's Drinks And How To Mix Them" by William Boothby . Zurracapote ( sometimes abbreviated as zurra ) is a popular Spanish alcoholic mixed drink , similar to sangría . It consists of red wine mixed with fruit such as peaches and lemons , sugar , and cinnamon . The concoction is then traditionally left to steep for several days , though some recipes call for the addition of other alcoholic beverages , juices , and fruit extracts . The result is a mild-to-medium alcoholic drink , similar to sangría .
Super Bowl XL was an American football game between the National Football Conference ( NFC ) champion Seattle Seahawks and the American Football Conference ( AFC ) champion Pittsburgh Steelers to decide the National Football League ( NFL ) champion for the 2005 season . The Steelers defeated the Seahawks by the score of 21–10 . The game was played on February 5 , 2006 , at Ford Field in Detroit , Michigan . Alan Joseph Faneca ( ; born December 7 , 1976 ) is a former professional American football player who was a guard in the National Football League ( NFL ) for thirteen seasons . He played college football for Louisiana State University ( LSU ) , and earned consensus All-America honors . He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in first round of the 1998 NFL Draft , and played professionally for the Steelers , New York Jets and Arizona Cardinals of the NFL . A six-time first-team All-Pro and nine-time Pro Bowl selection , Faneca won a Super Bowl ring with the Steelers in Super Bowl XL , defeating the Seattle Seahawks .
The eighteenth season of the American animated sitcom "South Park" premiered on Comedy Central on September 24 , 2014 with "Go Fund Yourself" , and ended with "# HappyHolograms" on December 10 , 2014 , with a total of ten episodes . The season featured serial elements and recurring story lines , which "The A.V . Club" noted as an experimentation with episode-to-episode continuity , in which the episodes "explore the consequences of the boys ' actions [ week to week ] , allowing the plots to be motivated in part by their attempts to dig themselves out of a hole" . "Grounded Vindaloop" is the seventh episode in the eighteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park" . The 254th episode overall , it was written and directed by series co-creator and co-star Trey Parker . The episode premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on November 12 , 2014 . The episode lampoons virtual reality headsets including the Oculus Rift using various science-fiction movie references , and customer service call centers .
The Black Hole is a 1979 American science fiction film directed by Gary Nelson and produced by Walt Disney Productions . The film stars Maximilian Schell , Robert Forster , Joseph Bottoms , Yvette Mimieux , Anthony Perkins , and Ernest Borgnine , while the voices of the main robot characters are provided by Roddy McDowall and Slim Pickens ( both unbilled ) . The music for the film was composed by John Barry . It was the first film from Walt Disney Productions to receive a PG rating . The film was released on December 18 , 1979 in the United Kingdom and on December 21 , 1979 in the United States . McFarland , USA ( also known as McFarland ) is a 2015 American sports drama film directed by Niki Caro , produced by Mark Ciardi and Gordon Gray , written by Christopher Cleveland , Bettina Gilois and Grant Thompson with music composed by Antônio Pinto . The film was co-produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Mayhem Pictures . Based on the true story of a 1987 cross country team from a mainly Latino high school in McFarland , California , the film stars Kevin Costner as Jim White , the school 's coach , who leads the team to win a state championship . The film also stars Maria Bello and Morgan Saylor .
Eva Hayman ( born 1924 in Czechoslovakia ) was a Holocaust survivor . When she was only 15 , she was sent on a train to Britain with her sister Vera as part of the kindertransport movement , which saved many Jewish children and was organized by Nicholas Winton . Hayman said that her childhood ended the day she boarded the train and she saw children that were torn out of their parents arms . Many older siblings had to become a parent to their younger sisters or brothers . Eva and Vera spent most of the war in Liverpool , Hastings , Monmouth , and Poole . It eventually became impossible to write letters to their parents , so Hayman began writing a diary that was later published as a book called "By the Moon and the Stars" . The Holocaust , also referred to as the Shoah , was a genocide in which Adolf Hitler 's Nazi Germany and its World War II collaborators killed some six million European Jews . The victims included 1.5 million children and constituted about two-thirds of the nine million Jews in Continental Europe . A broader definition of the Holocaust includes non-Jewish victims such as the Roma , ethnic Poles , other Slavic ethnic groups , and the disabled and mentally ill. An even broader definition includes Soviet citizens and prisoners of war , homosexuals , Jehovah 's Witnesses , black people , and political opponents of the Nazis .
Irvine Gerald Sellar ( 9 September 1934 – 26 February 2017 ) was an English fashion retailer , turned property developer . He was the founder of the Sellar Property Group , and the developer of The Shard . The Shard , also referred to as the Shard of Glass , Shard London Bridge and formerly London Bridge Tower , is a 95-storey skyscraper in Southwark , London , that forms part of the London Bridge Quarter development . Standing 309.7 m high , the Shard is the tallest building in the United Kingdom , the fourth-tallest building in Europe and the 96th-tallest building in the world . It is also the second-tallest free-standing structure in the United Kingdom , after the concrete tower at the Emley Moor transmitting station .
The Bull Terrier ( Miniature ) is a breed with origins in the extinct English White Terrier , the Dalmatian and the Bulldog . The first existence is documented 1872 in "The Dogs of British Island" . The Schapendoes ( ] ) or Dutch Sheepdog , is a breed of dog originating in the Netherlands . The Schapendoes was originally a herding dog and general farm dog , but today also participates in dog sports such as agility and flyball .
Ravenna ( ] , also locally ] ; Romagnol : "Ravèna" ) is the capital city of the Province of Ravenna , in the Emilia-Romagna region of Northern Italy . It was the capital city of the Western Roman Empire from 402 until that empire collapsed in 476 . It then served as the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom until it was re-conquered in 540 by the Eastern Roman ( Byzantine ) Empire . Afterwards , the city formed the centre of the Byzantine Exarchate of Ravenna until the invasion of the Lombards in 751 , after which it became the seat of the Kingdom of the Lombards . Ornella Fiorentini is an Italian poet and writer born in Ravenna , Italy , living and working in Ravenna , Italy .
Veda Hlubinka-Cook ( born Robert Cook ) is a co-founder of Metaweb . She was a software programmer at Brøderbund in the 1980s and was the model for one of the characters in Jordan Mechner 's game "Prince of Persia" . She designed and created the computer game "D/Generation" and was technical director for the computer game "The Last Express" . She came out as transgender in 2017 . The Last Express is an adventure video game designed by Jordan Mechner and published by Brøderbund in 1997 . It takes place on the Orient Express , days before the start of World War I . It is noted as being one of the few video games that attempts to realistically simulate real time . The game was a commercial disappointment , but received highly positive reviews and a positive post-release response . A Sony PlayStation port was planned and was almost finished for release , but was cancelled for unknown reasons .
The Miracle Mile is a prominent shopping district in Manhasset on the North Shore of Long Island in Nassau County , New York . The area along Northern Boulevard is well known for its high-end premium open-air shopping center , the Americana Manhasset . International fashion designer labels and luxury goods companies—Hermes , Dior , Cartier , Bottega Veneta , Chanel , Fendi , Gucci , Louis Vuitton , MaxMara , Celine , Tiffany & Co. , and Prada—maintain a total of more than 60 retail stores and restaurants on a 220000 sqft site surrounded by gardens designed by Oheme van Sweden . Peter Marino is Americana Manhasset 's master architect .
Río Hondo Department ( Spanish : "Departamento Río Hondo" ) is a department of Argentina in Santiago del Estero Province . The capital city of the department is situated in Termas de Río Hondo . Santiago del Estero ( ] ) , also called "Santiago" , is a province in the north of Argentina . Neighbouring provinces , clockwise from the north , are Salta , Chaco , Santa Fe , Córdoba , Catamarca and Tucumán .
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela ( ; 18 July 1918 – 5 December 2013 ) was a South African anti-apartheid revolutionary , politician , and philanthropist , who served as President of South Africa from 1994 to 1999 . He was the country 's first black head of state and the first elected in a fully representative democratic election . His government focused on dismantling the legacy of apartheid by tackling institutionalised racism and fostering racial reconciliation . Ideologically an African nationalist and socialist , he served as President of the African National Congress ( ANC ) party from 1991 to 1997 . Yves Apollinaire Pede ( born 1959 , in Abomey ) is a Beninois Vodou artist . After being commissioned to reproduce reliefs for the Abomey Museum , he made sand paintings of well-known personalities such as Nelson Mandela . He gradually became oriented towards textile art , looking to Haitian and Cuban Vodou artists for inspiration . He is also noted for his large cement sculptures and bas-reliefs , and is stated to have a "special interest" in Kulito , a Fon word which literally means "the one from the path of death" . He is based in Ouidah , the world centre for Vodun art , which has an annual festival .
Slinzega is a type of air-dried meat produced in Valtellina , in the Italian Alps . It is made in a similar manner to Bresaola , with smaller pieces of meat , which therefore bear a stronger taste . According to some sources it originally used horse meat rather than beef . Nevertheless , today virtually any type of meat is suitable to its production , the most common being beef , deer and pork . Bresaola ( ] ) is air-dried , salted beef ( but also horse , venison and pork ) that has been aged two or three months until it becomes hard and turns a dark red , almost purple colour . It is made from top ( inside ) round , and is lean and tender , with a sweet , musty smell . It originated in Valtellina , a valley in the Alps of northern Italy 's Lombardy region .
Heywood "Woody" Allen ( born Allan Stewart Konigsberg ; December 1 , 1935 ) is an American filmmaker , writer , actor , comedian , and musician whose career spans more than six decades . Orion Pictures Corporation is an American motion picture producer and distributor that produced and released films from 1978 until 1999 , and was also involved in television production and syndication throughout the 1980s until the early 1990s . It was formed in 1978 as a joint venture between Warner Bros. and three former top-level executives of United Artists . Although it was never a large motion picture producer , Orion achieved a comparatively high reputation for Hollywood quality . Woody Allen , James Cameron , Jonathan Demme , Oliver Stone , and several other prominent directors worked with Orion during its most successful years from 1978 to 1992 . Of the films distributed by Orion , four won Academy Awards for Best Picture : "Amadeus" ( 1984 ) , "Platoon" ( 1986 ) , "Dances with Wolves" ( 1990 ) , and "The Silence of the Lambs" ( 1991 ) . Two other Orion films , "Hannah and Her Sisters" ( 1986 ) and "Mississippi Burning" ( 1988 ) , were nominated for that same category . In 2013 , Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer revived the Orion name for television ; a year later , Orion Pictures was relaunched by the studio .
Uncle Wiggily Game is a track board game based on a character in a series of children 's books by American writer Howard Roger Garis . The game is of the "racing" variety in the style of the European "Goose Game" . Players advance along the track from Uncle Wiggily 's Bungalow to Dr. Possum 's House . There is no optimal strategy involved as play entirely rests upon a random drawing of the cards . The game was first published by Milton Bradley in 1916 and has seen several editions with minor modifications over the years . "Uncle Wiggily" remains one of the first and favorite games of childhood , and , with "Candy Land" , is considered a classic juvenile American board game . Diplomacy is a strategic board game created by Allan B. Calhamer in 1954 and released commercially in 1959 . Its main distinctions from most board wargames are its negotiation phases ( players spend much of their time forming and betraying alliances with other players and forming beneficial strategies ) and the absence of dice and other game elements that produce random effects . Set in Europe before the beginning of World War I , "Diplomacy" is played by two to seven players , each controlling the armed forces of a major European power ( or , with fewer players , multiple powers ) . Each player aims to move his or her few starting units and defeat those of others to win possession of a majority of strategic cities and provinces marked as "supply centers" on the map ; these supply centers allow players who control them to produce more units .
The Hume–Adams dialogue was a series of talks between then Social Democratic and Labour Party leader John Hume and Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams during the Northern Ireland peace process . Gerard "Gerry" Adams ( Irish : "Gearóid Mac Ádhaimh" ; born 6 October 1948 ) is an Irish republican politician who is the president of the Sinn Féin political party and a Teachta Dála ( TD ; a member of the Irish parliament ) for Louth since the 2011 general election .
Time Bombs is a 2008 Canadian film produced by "Productions de la ruelle" . Still Kicking : Six Artistic Women of Project Arts & Longevity is a 2006 32-minute documentary film by Pacific Grove filmmaker Greg Young , featuring six Bay Area women role models over 85 years old who remained artistically active . The catalyst for Young 's film was Amy Gorman and Frances Kandl 's Project Arts & Longevity through which they were exploring the link between longevity and artistic vitality . Along with the film the joint project resulted in a book entitled Aging Artfully .
Ranger Rick , originally Ranger Rick 's Nature Magazine , is a children ’ s nature magazine that is published by the United States National Wildlife Federation . The magazine offers feature articles and activities for children , ages 7 and up , in order to spark their interest in the outdoors and become more actively involved in the environment . The magazine 's primary intention is to instill a passion for nature and promote activity outdoors . NWF also publishes two companion magazines , "Ranger Rick Jr." , which is aimed at ages 4–7 , and "Ranger Rick Cub" , which is aimed at kids 0–4 years old . ) TENNIS is an American sports magazine owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group . There are eight issues per year covering the world of tennis . The "tennis.com" website is an offshoot of the magazine and part of the same media company .
Mulled wine is a beverage usually made with red wine along with various mulling spices and sometimes raisins . It is served hot or warm and is alcoholic , although there are non-alcoholic versions of mulled wine . It is a traditional drink during winter , especially around Christmas . Blue Lagoon is a popular summer cocktail featuring blue Curaçao .
Georgia Leigh Middleman ( born December 27 , 1967 ) is an American country singer . Middleman sang from age ten at the Texas Star Inn in San Antonio , and began writing songs shortly thereafter . She sold recordings of her first song , There 's a Rainbow in Everybody 's Heart , on her elementary school playground . In her teens , she opened in concert for Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard , and collaborated with Dick Wagner at age 17 . After graduating from high school , she attended New York University on a theater scholarship , and worked on Off-Broadway shows and as a songwriter . San Antonio ( Spanish for "Saint Anthony" ) , officially the City of San Antonio , is the seventh-most populous city in the United States and the second-most populous city in Texas . Founded as a Spanish mission and colonial outpost in 1718 , the city became the first chartered civil settlement in Texas in 1731 , making it the state 's oldest municipality . The city 's deep history is contrasted with its rapid growth : it was the fastest growing of the top ten largest cities in the United States from 2000 to 2010 , and the second from 1990 to 2000 . Straddling the regional divide between South and Central Texas , San Antonio anchors the southwestern corner of an urban megaregion colloquially known as the "Texas Triangle" .
Cardillac is an opera by Paul Hindemith in three acts and four scenes . wrote the libretto based on characters from the short story "Das Fräulein von Scuderi" by E.T.A . Hoffmann . Don Giovanni ( ] ; K. 527 ; complete title : "Il dissoluto punito , ossia il Don Giovanni" , literally "The Rake Punished , namely Don Giovanni" or "The Libertine Punished" ) is an opera in two acts with music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Italian libretto by Lorenzo Da Ponte . It is based on the legends of Don Juan , a fictional libertine and seducer . It was premiered by the Prague Italian opera at the National Theater ( of Bohemia ) , now called the Estates Theatre , on 29 October 1787 . Da Ponte 's libretto was billed as a "dramma giocoso" , a common designation of its time that denotes a mixing of serious and comic action . Mozart entered the work into his catalogue as an "opera buffa" . Although sometimes classified as comic , it blends comedy , melodrama and supernatural elements .
Red is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift . It was released on October 22 , 2012 , by Big Machine Records , as the follow-up to her third studio album , "Speak Now" . The album title was inspired by the "semi-toxic relationships" that Swift experienced during the process of conceiving this album , which Swift described the emotions she felt as "red emotions" due to their intense and tumultuous nature . "Red" touches on Swift 's signature themes of love and heartbreak , however , from a more mature perspective while exploring other themes such as fame and the pressure of being in the limelight . The album features collaborations with producers and guest artists such as Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol and Ed Sheeran and is noted for Swift 's experimentation with new musical genres . Swift completed The Red Tour in support of the album on June 12 , 2014 , which became the highest-grossing tour of all time by a country artist , grossing over $ 150 million . The Red Tour was the third concert tour by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift . Launched in support of Swift 's fourth studio album , "Red" ( 2012 ) , the tour began on March 13 , 2013 in Omaha , Nebraska and concluded on June 12 , 2014 in Singapore .
Lara Jill Miller ( born April 20 , 1967 ) is an American actress and voice actress . She had a starring role as Samantha "Sam" Kanisky on the 1980s sitcom "Gim me a Break ! "and as Kathy on "The Amanda Show" . As a voice actress , she had roles in English dubs of Japanese anime such as Kari in "Digimon Adventure" and Koko in "Zatch Bell ! ". In cartoons , she voices the title characters in "Clifford 's Puppy Days" , "The Life and Times of Juniper Lee" and "Henry Hugglemonster" . She also voices Izzy in "SciGirls" , Widget in "Wow ! Wow ! Wubbzy ! ", Allie in "Curious George" and Lambie in "Doc McStuffins" . The Life and Times of Juniper Lee is an American animated television series , created by former MTV reality star Judd Winick for Cartoon Network . The show was produced by Cartoon Network Studios . It premiered on Cartoon Network on May 30 , 2005 , and ended its run on April 9 , 2007 . The show currently reruns on Pogo in India , Boing in Nigeria , South Africa and France and Boomerang in Thailand .
El Chavo is a party video game based on the Mexican TV series "El Chavo Animado" , and only released in Mexico and Brazil , for the Wii on April 27 , 2012 . It was developed by Kaxan Media Group and published by Slang Publishing , and Televisa Home Entertainment . El Chavo Animado ( also known as El Chavo : The Animated Series ) is a Mexican animated series based on a live-action TV series "El Chavo del Ocho" , created by Roberto Gómez Bolaños with a same series creator who created the live-action TV series "El Chavo del Ocho" . El Chavo : The Animated Series is 1 of the 5 shows that was based on a live-action series . ( The other 4 shows being , El Chapulin Colorado Animado , , and . )
"The Simpsons" Theme" , also referred to as "The Simpsons" Main Title Theme" in album releases , is the theme music of the animated television series "The Simpsons" . It plays during the opening sequence and was composed by Danny Elfman in 1989 , after series creator Matt Groening approached him requesting a retro-style theme . The piece , which took 3 days , 2 hours , 48 minutes , and 19 seconds to create , has been noted by Elfman as the most popular of his career . The theme , as used for the opening sequence , was re-arranged during season 2 , and the current arrangement by Alf Clausen was introduced at the beginning of the third season . Alf Heiberg Clausen ( born March 28 , 1941 ) is an American film and television composer . He is best known for his work scoring many episodes of "The Simpsons" , of which he had been the sole composer between 1990 and 2017 . Clausen has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows , including "Moonlighting" , "The Naked Gun" , "ALF" and "Ferris Bueller 's Day Off" .
Miracle of the White Stallions is a 1963 film released by Walt Disney starring Robert Taylor ( playing Alois Podhajsky ) , Lilli Palmer , and Eddie Albert . It is the story of the evacuation of the Lipizzaner horses from the Spanish Riding School in Vienna during World War II . The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a 1996 American animated musical drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation for Walt Disney Pictures . The 34th Disney animated feature film , the film is based on Victor Hugo 's novel of the same name . The plot centers on Quasimodo , the deformed bell-ringer of Notre Dame , and his struggle to gain acceptance into society . Directed by Kirk Wise and Gary Trousdale and produced by Don Hahn , the film 's voice cast features Tom Hulce , Demi Moore , Tony Jay , Kevin Kline , Paul Kandel , Jason Alexander , Charles Kimbrough , David Ogden Stiers , and Mary Wickes in her final film role .
Ira Lewis Metsky ( 27 August 1932 — 4 April 2015 ) was an American actor , writer , and playwright . Lewis was best known for his one-act play , "Chinese Coffee" , which opened at the Circle in the Square Theatre in 1992 , starring Al Pacino . A film adaptation of "Chinese Coffee" , also starring Pacino , as well as Jerry Orbach , was released in 2000 . Ira Lewis wrote the film 's screenplay , while Pacino directed the adaptation . Jerome Bernard "Jerry" Orbach ( October 20 , 1935 – December 28 , 2004 ) was an American actor and singer , described at the time of his death as "one of the last" bona fide" leading men of the Broadway musical and global celebrity on television" and a "versatile stage and film actor" .
Romeo Montague ( Italian : "Romeo Montecchi" ) is the protagonist of William Shakespeare 's tragedy "Romeo and Juliet" . The son of Montague and his wife , he secretly loves and marries Juliet , a member of the rival House of Capulet . Forced into exile after slaying Juliet 's cousin , Tybalt , in a duel , Romeo commits suicide upon hearing falsely of Juliet 's death . Leonard Whiting ( born 30 June 1950 ) is an English actor and singer who is best known for his role as Romeo in the 1968 Zeffirelli film version of "Romeo and Juliet" opposite Olivia Hussey 's Juliet , a role which earned him the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year - Actor . He was touted as a star in the making , the next Laurence Olivier and the next great British actor .
Ivo Andrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : , ] ; born Ivan Andrić ; 9 October 1892 – 13 March 1975 ) was a Yugoslav novelist , poet and short story writer who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1961 . His writings dealt mainly with life in his native Bosnia under Ottoman rule . José de Sousa Saramago , ( ] ; 16 November 1922 – 18 June 2010 ) , was a Portuguese writer and recipient of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Literature . His works , some of which can be seen as allegories , commonly present subversive perspectives on historic events , emphasizing the human factor . In 2003 Harold Bloom described Saramago as "the most gifted novelist alive in the world today" and in 2010 said he considers Saramago to be "a permanent part of the Western canon" , while James Wood praises "the distinctive tone to his fiction because he narrates his novels as if he were someone both wise and ignorant ."
Costus is a group of perennial herbaceous plants in the family ( Costaceae ) described by Linnaeus as a genus in 1753 . It was formerly known as "Hellenia" after the Finish botanist Carl Niclas von Hellens . It is widespread through tropical and subtropical regions of Asia , Africa , and the Americas . The water dropworts , Oenanthe , are a genus of plants in the family Apiaceae . Most of the species grow in damp ground , in marshes or in water .
Erin Jill Andrews ( born May 4 , 1978 ) is an American sportscaster and television personality . She hosts "Dancing with the Stars" for ABC and is a sideline reporter for Fox NFL . Dancing with the Stars is an American dance competition television series that premiered on June 1 , 2005 , on ABC . It is the US version of the UK series "Strictly Come Dancing" . The show is hosted by Tom Bergeron , alongside Erin Andrews , who became co-host in season eighteen . Lisa Canning was co-host in the first season , Samantha Harris co-hosted seasons two through nine and Brooke Burke-Charvet in seasons ten through seventeen . On May 12 , 2017 , it was announced that the series has been renewed for season twenty six .
Caligula ( ) , properly Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus ( 31 August AD 12 – 24 January AD 41 ) was Roman emperor from AD 37–41 . Born Gaius Julius Caesar Germanicus ( not to be confused with Julius Caesar ) , Caligula was a member of the house of rulers conventionally known as the Julio-Claudian dynasty . Caligula 's biological father was Germanicus , and he was the great-nephew and adopted son of Emperor Tiberius . The young Gaius earned the nickname "Caligula" ( meaning "little soldier 's boot" , the diminutive form of "caliga" , hob-nailed military boot ) from his father 's soldiers while accompanying him during his campaigns in Germania . The Nemi Ships were two ships , one ship larger than the other , built by the Roman emperor Caligula in the 1st century AD at Lake Nemi . Although the purpose of the ships is only speculated upon , the larger ship was essentially an elaborate floating palace , which contained quantities of marble , mosaic floors , heating and plumbing and amenities such as baths . Both ships featured technology thought to have been developed historically much later . It has been stated that the emperor was influenced by the lavish lifestyles of the Hellenistic rulers of Syracuse and Ptolemaic Egypt . Recovered from the lake bed in 1929 , the ships were destroyed by artillery fire during World War II in 1944 though the History Channel attributes their destruction to German soldiers .
Sir Ahmed Salman Rushdie , FRSL ( ; Kashmiri : अहमद सलमान रुशदी , ; born 19 June 1947 ) is a British Indian novelist and essayist . His second novel , "Midnight 's Children" ( 1981 ) , won the Booker Prize in 1981 and was deemed to be "the best novel of all winners" on two separate occasions , marking the 25th and the 40th anniversary of the prize . Much of his fiction is set on the Indian subcontinent . He combines magical realism with historical fiction ; his work is concerned with the many connections , disruptions , and migrations between Eastern and Western civilizations . An Essay on Censorship is a lengthy letter , in verse , by Anthony Burgess addressed to his fellow novelist Salman Rushdie . Published in the wake of the 1989 Iranian "fatwa" against Rushdie and the Bradford book-burnings that followed , Burgess 's letter has been compared to the "Essay on Man" of Alexander Pope .
Ronald Wilson Reagan ( ; February 6 , 1911 – June 5 , 2004 ) was an American statesman and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 . Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader . Walt Zeboski ( died 12 November 2012 ) , was an American photographer and photojournalist for the Associated Press for more than thirty years . Zeboski extensively photographed Ronald Reagan during his 1980 presidential campaign , snapping some of the most iconic pictures of Reagan 's campaign . Zeboski , who often focused on California politics , covered the political terms of four consecutive Governors of California from the 1960s to the 1980s - Pat Brown , Ronald Reagan , Jerry Brown and George Deukmejian .
Parodia is a genus of flowering plants in the cactus family Cactaceae , native to the uplands of Argentina , Peru , Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia and Uruguay . This genus has about 50 species , many of which have been transferred from "Eriocactus" , "Notocactus" and "Wigginsia" . They range from small globose plants to 1 m tall columnar cacti . All are deeply ribbed and spiny , with single flowers at or near the crown . Some species produce offsets at the base . They are popular in cultivation , but must be grown indoors where temperatures fall below 10 C . Thalictrum ( ) is a genus of 120-200 species of herbaceous perennial flowering plants in the Ranunculaceae ( buttercup ) family native mostly to temperate regions . Meadow-rue is a common name for plants in this genus .
John Michael "Ozzy" Osbourne ( born 3 December 1948 ) is an English singer , songwriter , and actor . He rose to prominence in the early 1970s as the lead vocalist of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath . He was fired from Black Sabbath in 1979 and went on to have a successful solo career , releasing 11 studio albums , the first seven of which were all awarded multi-platinum certifications in the US . Osbourne has since reunited with Black Sabbath on several occasions , recording the album "13" in 2013 . His longevity and success have earned him the informal title of "Godfather of Heavy Metal" . Curt Smith ( born 24 June 1961 ) is an English musician . He is best known for forming the band Tears for Fears , along with childhood friend Roland Orzabal . As a solo artist , he has released four solo albums .
Fort Bragg , North Carolina , is a military installation of the United States Army and is the largest military installation in the world ( by population ) with more than 50,000 active duty personnel . The installation is located within Cumberland , Hoke , Harnett and Moore counties . The installation borders the towns of Fayetteville , Spring Lake and Southern Pines . It was also a census-designated place in the 2010 Census , during which a population of 39,457 was identified . It is named for Confederate General Braxton Bragg . It covers over 251 sqmi . It is the home of the Army 's XVIII Airborne Corps and is the headquarters of the United States Army Special Operations Command , which oversees the U.S. Army 1st Special Forces Command ( Airborne ) ( Provisional ) and 75th Ranger Regiment . It is also home to the U.S. Army Forces Command , U.S. Army Reserve Command , and Womack Army Medical Center . Fort Bragg maintains two airfields : Pope Field , where the United States Air Force stations global airlift and special operations assets as well as the Air Force Combat Control School , and Simmons Army Airfield , where Army aviation units support the needs of airborne and special operations forces on post . The 43d Air Mobility Operations Group is an active duty air mobility unit at Pope Field , Fort Bragg , North Carolina ( formerly Pope AFB ) , and is part of the Air Mobility Command ( AMC ) USAF Expeditionary Center . The unit is composed of five squadrons , including one of the only two active Air Force aeromedical evacuation squadrons based in the United States . The group 's primary mission focuses on providing enroute operations and enabling global response and airborne support for Fort Bragg 's 82nd Airborne Division .
Tatton Park is an historic estate in Cheshire , England , to the north of the town of Knutsford . It contains a mansion , Tatton Hall , a manor house dating from medieval times , Tatton Old Hall , gardens , a farm and a deer park of 2000 acre . It is a popular visitor attraction and hosts over 100 events annually . The estate is owned by the National Trust , who administer it jointly with Cheshire East Council . Since 1999 it hosts North West England 's annual Royal Horticultural Flower show . The Northern Chamber Orchestra ( or NCO ) is a chamber orchestra based in Manchester , England . Established in 1967 , the orchestra gives concerts at Heritage Centre , Macclesfield , St Ann 's Church , Manchester , as well as Blackburn , Skipton , Lancaster and Tatton Park , Knutsford . They are also currently the resident orchestra for the Buxton Festival .
Mickey Meyer ( born October 28 , 1984 ) is a digital media producer and co-founder of Jash—a multi-tiered studio with partners Sarah Silverman , Reggie Watts , Tim & Eric , and Michael Cera . Sarah Kate Silverman ( born December 1 , 1970 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actress , producer , and writer . Her comedy addresses social taboos and controversial topics , such as racism , sexism , and religion , having her comic character endorse them in a sarcastic or deadpan fashion . For her work on television , she won two Primetime Emmy Awards .
James Dixon Swan { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 28 April 1956 ) , better known as Jimmy Barnes , is a Scottish-Australian rock singer-songwriter . His career both as a solo performer and as the lead vocalist with the rock band Cold Chisel has made him one of the most popular and best-selling Australian music artists of all time . The combination of 14 Australian Top 40 albums for Cold Chisel and 13 charting solo albums , including nine No . 1s , gives Barnes the highest number of hit albums of any Australian artist . Yang Seung-ho ( 양승호 ; born October 16 , 1987 ) , is a South Korean idol singer , dancer , actor , model and the leader of Korean male group MBLAQ , currently active in South Korea under Will Entertainment .
Chrysler 's rear wheel drive F platform was used from 1976 to 1980 . It was replaced by the nearly identical Chrysler M platform . There were two wheelbases : 108.7 in for 2-door models , and 112.7 in for four-doors . As the market evolved , these would be marketed as mid-size and eventually take on full-sized nameplates such as Plymouth Fury for police and fleet applications . These were effectively replaced by the very successful Chrysler K platform in standard and stretch sizes which retained two bench seats , column shifter and room for six , unlike many other compact-sized cars modeled after non-American designs . The Plymouth Fury is a model of automobile which was produced by Plymouth from 1955 to 1989 . It was introduced for the 1956 model year as a sub-series of the Plymouth Belvedere , becoming a separate series one level above the contemporary Belvedere for 1959 . The Fury was a full-size car from 1959 to 1961 , then a mid-size car from 1962 to 1964 , again a full-size car from 1965 to 1974 , and again a mid-size car from 1975 to 1978 . From 1975 to 1977 the Fury was sold alongside the full-size Plymouth Gran Fury . In 1978 , the B-body Fury was the largest Plymouth , and by 1979 , there was no large Plymouth . This was rectified in 1980 with the R-body Gran Fury , followed by the M-body Fury in 1982 . Production of the last V8 , RWD Plymouth Fury ended at Kenosha , WI , on December 23 , 1988 . Unlike its sibling brand , Dodge , Plymouth would not live to see the resurgence of the large , V8/RWD sedan . The last Plymouth rolled off the Belvidere assembly line in 2001 .
The 2017–18 FA Cup ( also known as the FA Challenge Cup ) is the 137th edition of the oldest recognised football tournament in the world . It is sponsored by Emirates , and known as the Emirates FA Cup for sponsorship purposes . 737 clubs were accepted into the tournament . It began with the Extra Preliminary Round on 5 August 2017 , and will conclude with the final on 19 May 2018 . The winner will qualify for the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League group stage . The 2017–18 season will be Newcastle United 's first season back in the Premier League following their promotion from the EFL Championship last season and their 23rd year in the Premier League since it was formed at the start of the 1992 Season . This season Newcastle United will participate in the Premier League , EFL Cup and FA Cup . The season covers the period from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018 .
John Henry "Doc" Holliday ( August 14 , 1851 – November 8 , 1887 ) was an American gambler , gunfighter , and dentist , and a good friend of Wyatt Earp . He is best known for his role as a temporary deputy marshal in the events leading up to and following the Gunfight at the O.K . Corral . Thomas Fitch ( January 27 , 1838 – November 12 , 1923 ) was an American lawyer and politician . He defended President Brigham Young of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and other church leaders when Young and his denomination were prosecuted for polygamy in 1871 and 1872 . He also successfully defended Virgil , Morgan , and Wyatt Earp along with Doc Holliday when they were accused of murdering Billy Clanton , and Tom and Frank McLaury during the October 25 , 1881 Gunfight at the O.K . Corral .
Sir Wilfred Thomason Grenfell , KCMG ( 28 February 1865 – 9 October 1940 ) was a medical missionary to Newfoundland and Labrador . The International Grenfell Association ( IGA ) is an organization founded by Sir Wilfred Grenfell to provide health care , education , religious services , and rehabilitation and other social activities to the fisherman and coastal communities in northern Newfoundland and the coast of Labrador .
"Nana" Patekar , born 1 January 1951 ) is an Indian actor , writer and filmmaker , mainly working in Hindi and Marathi films . Aaj Ka Robin Hood ( Translation : Today 's robin hood ) is a 1988 adventure-drama Indian Hindi film directed and produced by Tapan Sinha . It starred Anil Chatterjee , Utpal Dutt , Nana Patekar , Rabi Ghosh and Satish Shah in lead roles . Music for the film was also scored by Tapan Sinha .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2 is a 2011 British-American fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures . It is the second of two cinematic parts based on the novel of the same name by J. K. Rowling . The film , which is the eighth and final instalment in the "Harry Potter" film series , was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman , David Barron , and Rowling . It is the sequel to "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" . The story continues to follow Harry Potter 's quest to find and destroy Lord Voldemort 's Horcruxes in order to stop him once and for all . Suzie Toase or Suzanne Toase is a British actress who is possibly best known for her role as Alecto Carrow in the film adaptations of J. K. Rowling 's "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" and "Part 2" .
Oliver Cromwell ( 25 April 15993 September 1658 ) was an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England , Scotland , and Ireland . Bridget Cromwell ( 1624 - 1662 ) was Oliver Cromwell 's eldest daughter . She married General Henry Ireton and after he died General Charles Fleetwood .
Mark Peter Gertruda Andreas van Bommel ( ] ; born 22 April 1977 ) is a Dutch former professional footballer . FC Bayern Munich made few squad changes for the 2008–09 season . With captain Oliver Kahn retiring and coach Ottmar Hitzfeld leaving to coach the Swiss national team , the team leaders had to be replaced . Jürgen Klinsmann was appointed as new coach as announced in December 2007 . In August 2008 , Klinsmann announced that Mark van Bommel would succeed Kahn as captain . Klinsmann was sacked in April 2009 when the club officials saw the club 's minimum aim , qualification for the Champions League , in jeopardy after a string of games in which Bayern underperformed . Jupp Heynckes was appointed as caretaker manager .
Kevin Bookout ( born March 16 , 1983 ) is an American professional basketball player . Born in Stroud , Oklahoma , he played collegiately with the University of Oklahoma Sooners . While with the Sooners , Bookout scored 1,018 points and pulled in 682 rebounds . He played professionally after his senior season with the Rio Grande Valley Vipers , scoring 41 points and grabbing 41 rebounds in 9 games with the team . The Oklahoma Sooners men 's basketball team represents the University of Oklahoma in men 's NCAA Division I basketball . The Sooners play in the Big 12 Conference .
The economy of Norway is a developed mixed economy with state-ownership in strategic areas . Although sensitive to global business cycles , the economy of Norway has shown robust growth since the start of the industrial era . The country has a very high standard of living compared with other European countries , and a strongly integrated welfare system . Norway 's modern manufacturing and welfare system rely on a financial reserve produced by exploitation of natural resources particularly North Sea oil . Forsvarets Spesialkommando ( FSK ) ( English : Armed Forces ' Special Command ) is a special operations forces unit of the Norwegian Special Operation Forces ( Norwegian : "Forsvarets Spesialstyrker" ) . The unit was established in 1982 due to the increased risk of terrorist activity against Norwegian interests , including the oil platforms in the North Sea .
Jenson Alexander Lyons Button { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 19 January 1980 ) is a British racing driver currently under contract with McLaren-Honda , as a reserve driver . He won the 2009 FIA Formula One World Championship , driving for Brawn GP . Button announced in September 2016 that he would be giving up his seat at the end of the 2016 season but announced that he would remain at McLaren as a reserve driver and ambassador of McLaren until 2018 . John Button ( 27 July 1943 – 12 January 2014 ) was an English rallycross driver and the father of 2009 Formula One World Champion Jenson Button . His best overall results were both in 1976 , as the runner-up in the Embassy/RAC-MSA British Rallycross and TEAC/Lydden Rallycross championships .
Laurence Clarkson ( 1615–1667 ) , sometimes called Claxton , born in Preston , Lancashire , was an English theologian and accused heretic . He was the most outspoken and notorious of the loose collection of radical Protestants known as the Ranters . Protestantism is a form of Christianity which originated with the Reformation , a movement against what its followers considered to be errors in the Roman Catholic Church . It is one of the three major divisions of Christendom , together with Roman Catholicism and Orthodoxy . The term derives from the letter of protestation from German Lutheran princes in 1529 against an edict of the Diet of Speyer condemning the teachings of Martin Luther as heretical .
Miracle is a 2004 American sports docudrama about the United States men 's hockey team , led by head coach Herb Brooks , portrayed by Kurt Russell , that won the gold medal in the 1980 Winter Olympics . The American team 's victory over the heavily favored Soviet professionals in the medal round was dubbed the Miracle on Ice . "Miracle" was directed by Gavin O'Connor and written by Eric Guggenheim and Mike Rich . It was released on February 6 , 2004 . Mark Thomas Ciardi ( born August 19 , 1961 ; pronounced CHAR-dee ) is an American film producer and former Major League Baseball pitcher . He is currently the Founder & CEO of Apex Entertainment . Mark has a rich breadth of experience as a Film Executive , and Producer . Apex Entertainment is an independent content production firm that also serves as a financier for media properties . Prior to Apex , Mark was the co-founder of Mayhem Pictures that had an overall first look deal with Walt Disney Studios for twelve years . At Mayhem , Ciardi produced films including "The Rookie" , "Miracle" , Invincible , The Game Plan , Secretariat , and Million Dollar Arm and Kevin Costner 's McFarland USA . Awaiting release is the worldwide best-selling novel , Fallen . He also produced the Emmy Award winning , ESPN 30 for 30 documentary titled "Big Shot" .
The Art Deco style , which originated in France just before World War I , had an important impact on architecture and design in the United States in the 1920s and 1930s . The most famous examples were the skyscrapers of New York , including the Empire State Building , Chrysler Building , and Rockefeller Center in New York City . It combined modern aesthetics , fine craftsmanship and expensive materials , and became the symbol of luxury and modernity . While rarely used in residences , it was frequently used for office buildings , government buildings , train stations , movie theaters , diners and department stores . It also was frequently used in furniture , and in the design of automobiles , ocean liners , and everyday objects such as toasters and radio sets . In the late 1930s , during the Great Depression , it featured prominently in the architecture of the immense public works projects sponsored by the Works Progress Administration and the Public Works Administration , such as the Golden Gate Bridge and Hoover Dam . The style competed throughout the period with the modernist architecture , and came to an abrupt end in 1939 with the beginning of World War II . The style was rediscovered in the 1960s , and many of the original buildings have been restored and are now historical landmarks . Rockefeller Center is a large complex consisting of 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acre between 48th and 51st Streets in New York City . Commissioned by the Rockefeller family , it is located in the center of Midtown Manhattan , spanning the area between Fifth Avenue and Sixth Avenue .
Shakespeare in the Park ( or Free Shakespeare in the Park ) is a theatrical program that stages productions of Shakespearean plays at the Delacorte Theater , an open-air theater in New York City 's Central Park . The theater and the productions are managed by the Public Theater and tickets are distributed free of charge on the day of the performance . Originally branded as the New York Shakespeare Festival ( NYSF ) under the direction of Joseph Papp , the institution was renamed in 2002 as part of a larger reorganization by the Public Theater . Joseph "Joe" Papp ( June 22 , 1921 – October 31 , 1991 ) was an American theatrical producer and director . He established The Public Theater in what had been the Astor Library Building in lower Manhattan . There , Papp created a year-round producing home to focus on new plays and musicals . Among numerous examples of these were the works of David Rabe , Ntozake Shange 's "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf" , Charles Gordone 's "No Place to Be Somebody" ( the first off-Broadway play to win the Pulitzer Prize ) , and Papp 's production of Michael Bennett 's Pulitzer Prize–winning musical , "A Chorus Line" . Papp also founded Shakespeare in the Park , helped to develop other off-Broadway theatres and worked to preserve the historic Broadway Theatre District .
The 2014 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The team was led by second-year head coach Mark Helfrich and played their home games at Autzen Stadium for the 48th straight year . They were a member of the Pac-12 Conference in the North Division . The 2014 All-Pac-12 Conference football team consists of American football players chosen by various organizations for All-Pac-12 Conference teams for the 2014 Pac-12 Conference football season . The Oregon Ducks won the conference , defeating the Arizona Wildcats 51 to 13 in the Pac-12 Championship game . Oregon was then the national runner-up , in the College Football Playoff semifinal beating the ACC champion Florida States Seminoles 59 to 20 ; then losing to the Big Ten champion Ohio State Buckeyes 42 to 20 in the national championship game . Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota won the Heisman Trophy and was voted Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Year . Arizona linebacker Scooby Wright III was voted Pat Tillman Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year .
Beauty and the Breast ( ) is a 2002 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Raymond Yip , and starring Francis Ng , Michelle Reis and Daniel Wu . Michelle Monique Reis ( born 20 June 1970 ) is a Hong Kong actress of Portuguese and Shanghainese descent . She is the winner of Miss Chinese International Pageant 1988 and Miss Hong Kong 1988 Beauty pageants .
Gainesville is the county seat and largest city in Alachua County , Florida , United States , and the principal city of the Gainesville , Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area ( MSA ) . The population of Gainesville in the 2013 US Census estimates was 127,488 , a 2.4 % growth from 2010 . Gainesville is the largest city in the region of North Central Florida . It is also a component of the Gainesville-Lake City Combined Statistical Area , which had a 2013 population of 337,925 . Cooperative Living Organization ( formerly Collegiate Living Organization ) or CLO in Gainesville , Florida , is one of the oldest continuously operating independent student-governed cooperative living organizations in the United States . The 80-year-old organization has provided over 2000 financially disadvantaged students an opportunity for a University of Florida education while providing experience in independent and socially responsible living by pooled resources and self-governance .
Lehmber Hussainpuri ( pronounced ] ; born 17 July 1977 ) is a Bhangra singer . Manni Sandhu is a UK-based music director . He is most known for working with a number of Punjabi singers such as Manak-E , The Late Kaka Bhaniawala , Bakshi Billa , Prabh Gill , Lehmber Hussainpuri and many more . He released his debut album "My Time" in February 2012 which included his No . 1 single with Bakshi Billa "Sona" , and smash hit song with Manak-E "Door Ni Kulne" , as well as 6 further tracks that charted in the official UK Asian Music Download Chart . Since releasing his first album , he 's worked with a number of singers such as Prabh Gill , and later released his second album which is titled "Against All Odds" in 2015 .
Laertes is a character in William Shakespeare 's play "Hamlet" . His name is taken from the father of Odysseus in Homer 's Odyssey . Laertes is the son of Polonius and the brother of Ophelia . In the final scene , he kills Hamlet with a poisoned sword to avenge the deaths of his father and sister , for which he blamed Hamlet . While dying of the same poison , he implicates King Claudius . The Laertes character is thought to be originated by Shakespeare , as there is no equivalent character in any of the known sources for the play . Polonius is a character in William Shakespeare 's "Hamlet" . He is chief counsellor of the king , and the father of Laertes and Ophelia . Generally regarded as wrong in every judgment he makes over the course of the play , Polonius is described by William Hazlitt as a "sincere" father , but also "a busy-body , [ who ] is accordingly officious , garrulous , and impertinent" . In Act II Hamlet refers to Polonius as a "tedious old fool" and taunts him as a latter day "Jeptha" .
Maha Kali is an EP by the Swedish extreme metal band Dissection . It was the first release after the rebirth of Dissection , shortly after Jon Nödtveidt was released from prison . It represents the band 's change from a melodic black metal sound to a more Gothenburg-based sound of melodic death metal . The song "Maha Kali" also appears on the live DVD "Rebirth of Dissection" , and was re-recorded and included on Dissection 's last full-length album , "Reinkaos" ; "Unhallowed ( Rebirth Version )" is a re-recording from "Storm of the Light 's Bane" . "Maha Kali" entered the Swedish charts at number 50 . Dissection was a Swedish extreme metal band from Strömstad , formed in 1989 by guitarist , vocalist and main songwriter Jon Nödtveidt and bass guitarist Peter Palmdahl . Despite a number of lineup changes , Dissection released "The Somberlain" in 1993 and "Storm of the Light 's Bane" in 1995 , before splitting up in 1997 due to Nödtveidt 's imprisonment for complicity in the murder of Josef Meddour .
Le Divorce is a 2003 Merchant Ivory Productions film directed by James Ivory from a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and Ivory , based on Diane Johnson 's best-selling novel of the same name . The discography of Carla Bruni , an Italian/French singer-songwriter , consists of four studio albums , five singles , six promotional singles and five music videos . In 2003 , her debut album "Quelqu'un m ' a dit" , produced by Louis Bertignac , was released in Europe with success in Francophone countries . Three songs from the album appear in Hans Canosa 's 2005 American film "Conversations with Other Women" , the song "Le Plus Beau du quartier" was used in H & M 's Christmas 2006 commercial , and the title track was featured in the 2003 movie "Le Divorce" and in the 2009 movie "( 500 ) Days of Summer" . In January 2010 , her song "L'amoureuse" was featured in an episode of NBC 's "Chuck" , "Chuck vs. First Class" .
Pierre Louis Joseph Boulez CBE ( ] ; 26 March 1925 – 5 January 2016 ) was a French composer , conductor , writer and organiser of institutions . He was one of the dominant figures of the post-war classical music world . Ross Pople ( born 11 May 1945 ) is a New Zealand-born British conductor . He is the principal conductor of the London Festival Orchestra . He has worked with Yehudi Menuhin , Clifford Curzon , David Oistrakh , Kentner , George Malcolm , Sir Adrian Boult , Rudolf Kempe , Benjamin Britten , Witold Lutosławski , Krzysztof Penderecki , Michael Tippett , Georg Solti , Leonard Bernstein , George Benjamin , John Casken , Edwin Roxburgh , Luciano Berio , John Taverner , Malcolm Arnold , Pierre Boulez as well as many other major orchestras , choirs and soloists .
Icehouse pieces , or Icehouse Pyramids , Treehouse pieces , Treehouse Pyramids and officially Looney Pyramids , are nestable and stackable pyramid-shaped gaming pieces and a game system . The game system was invented by Andrew Looney and John Cooper in 1987 , originally for use in the game of Icehouse . Kill Doctor Lucky is a humorous board game designed by James Ernest and released in 1996 by Cheapass Games . In 1998 , "Kill Doctor Lucky" won the Origins Award for "Best Abstract Board Game of 1997" .
Caesium-137 ( Cs , Cs-137 ) , cesium-137 , or radiocaesium , is a radioactive isotope of caesium which is formed as one of the more common fission products by the nuclear fission of uranium-235 and other fissionable isotopes in nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons . It is among the most problematic of the short-to-medium-lifetime fission products because it easily moves and spreads in nature due to the high water solubility of caesium 's most common chemical compounds , which are salts . This list covers hyperaccumulators , plant species which accumulate , or are tolerant of radionuclides ( Cd , Cs-137 , Co , Pu-238 , Ra , Sr , U-234 , 235 , 238 ) , hydrocarbons and organic solvents ( Benzene , BTEX , DDT , Dieldrin , Endosulfan , Fluoranthene , MTBE , PCB , PCNB , TCE and by-products ) , and inorganic solvents ( Potassium ferrocyanide ) .
Brideville Football Club was an Irish association football club , originally based in The Liberties , Dublin . They were active during the 1920s , 1930s and 1940s , playing in both the League of Ireland and the Leinster Senior League . They were the first ever winners of the FAI Junior Cup and also played in two FAI Cup finals . The Liberties ( Irish : Na Saoirsí or occasionally Na Libirtí ) is an area in central Dublin , Ireland , located to the southwest of the inner city . One of Dublin 's most historic working-class neighbourhoods , the area is traditionally associated with social housing , market traders , local family-owned businesses , as well as whiskey distilling , it is now also a centre of enterprise and commercial life in the heart of the city . Today the historic city quarter sits side by side with dynamic media and tech hubs and highly respected medical and education centres .
Wonder Stories was an early American science fiction magazine which was published under several titles from 1929 to 1955 . It was founded by Hugo Gernsback in 1929 after he had lost control of his first science fiction magazine , "Amazing Stories" , when his media company Experimenter Publishing went bankrupt . Within a few months of the bankruptcy , Gernsback launched three new magazines : "Air Wonder Stories" , "Science Wonder Stories" and "Science Wonder Quarterly" . The Science Fiction League was one of the earliest associations formed by science fiction fans . It was created by Hugo Gernsback in February 1934 in the pages of "Wonder Stories" , an early science fiction pulp magazine . Gernsback was the League 's "Executive Secretary ' , with Charles D. Hornig its "Assistant Secretary" . The initial slate of "Executive Directors" included Forrest J. Ackerman , Eando Binder , Jack Darrow ( Clifford Kornoelje ) , Edmond Hamilton , David H. Keller , P. Schuyler Miller , Clark Ashton Smith , and R. F. Starzl .
Basil Herbert Dean CBE ( 27 September 1888 – 22 April 1978 ) was an English actor , writer , film producer/film director and theatrical producer/director . He is perhaps best remembered for the Entertainments National Service Association or ENSA , an organisation set up in 1939 by Dean and Leslie Henson to provide entertainment for British armed forces personnel during World War II . Francis Ford Coppola ( ; born April 7 , 1939 ) , also credited as Francis Coppola , is a semi-retired American film director , producer , screenwriter and film composer . He was a central figure in the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking .
Allure is an American women ’ s beauty magazine , published monthly by Conde Nast in New York City . It was founded in 1991 by Linda Wells . Michelle Lee replaced Wells in 2015 . A signature of the magazine is its annual Best of Beauty awards—accolades given in the October issue to beauty products deemed the best by magazine staff . Genre magazine ( ISSN 1074-5246 ) was a New York city-based monthly periodical from 1992 to 2009 written for gay men . It was owned by gay press publisher Window Media .
The Apple Dumpling Gang is a 1975 American comedy-western film produced by Walt Disney Productions about a slick gambler named Russell Donovan ( Bill Bixby ) who is duped into taking care of a group of orphans who eventually strike gold during the California Gold Rush . Heavyweights is a 1995 American comedy-drama film directed by Steven Brill and written by Brill with Judd Apatow . The film centers around a fat camp for kids that is taken over by a fitness guru named Tony Perkis ( Ben Stiller ) .
American Wrestler : The Wizard is a 2016 sports biographical film set in the world of competitive high school wrestling , and starring William Fichtner , Jon Voight , Ali Afshar , Gabriel Basso , Kevin G. Schmidt , Lia Marie Johnson and George Kosturos . In 1980 , 17-year-old Ali Jahani escapes Iran after the Iran hostage crisis and must adjust to life in a small California town only to face more hostility in America due to the hostage crisis . Wanting to fit in , Ali joins the school 's wrestling team and becomes the squad 's star member . Ali faces a mountain of adversity everywhere he turns , but through determination and with a chance to change how others see him , Ali must step up and learn to be a hero against all odds . Lia Marie Johnson ( born November 23 , 1996 ) is an American singer , songwriter , actress and Internet personality notable for appearing in various web series , including the Emmy-winning web series "Kids React" created by the Fine Brothers , and for her own vlogging and social media output . She is known for her starring role in the Nickelodeon movie "Terry the Tomboy" and for recurring roles in AwesomenessTV 's Side Effects TV Series and My Music . In 2012 her personal YouTube channel , "Lia Marie Johnson" , was reported to have received 16 million views . As of 2017 , Lia 's YouTube channel is reported to have surpassed 117 million views and currently maintains over 1.7 million subscribers , while her Instagram account was followed by 2.3 million followers . In a 2014 "Adweek" profile she was referred to as one of "10 of the biggest young stars on YouTube" . In 2015 she was named one of the Top 100 YouTubers in the world .
John William DiMaggio ( born September 4 , 1968 ) is an American voice actor and comedian , known for his gruff voice and for his work as Bender from the television show "Futurama" , Jake the Dog on "Adventure Time" , and Marcus Fenix in the hit Xbox video game "Gears Of War" . Other voice-over roles of his include Dr. Drakken and Motor Ed on "Kim Possible" , Brother Blood on "Teen Titans" , Aquaman in "" , Rico in "The Penguins of Madagascar" , and Ogre In "" , Niblet on "Pound Puppies" , the Scotsman on "Samurai Jack" , and Shnitzel on "Chowder" . Chowder is an American animated television series created by C. H. Greenblatt for Cartoon Network . The series follows an aspiring young child named Chowder and his day-to-day adventures as an apprentice in Chef Mung Daal 's catering company . Although he means well , Chowder often finds himself in predicaments due to his perpetual appetite and his nature as a scatterbrain . It is animated with both traditional animation as well as short stop motion and puppet sequences that are inter-cut into the episodes , and that run over the end credits . Stop motion sequences are produced by Screen Novelties . It is also the first Cartoon Network original series to premiere during Stuart Snyder 's tenure as Jim Samples had resigned months before the series premiere .
Hains Point is located at the southern tip of East Potomac Park between the main branch of the Potomac River and the Washington Channel in southwest Washington , D.C . The land on which the park is located is sometimes described as a peninsula but is actually an island : the Washington Channel connects with the Tidal Basin north of the park and the Jefferson Memorial . The island is artificial : it was built up from Potomac dredging material from 1880 to 1892 . The Jefferson Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington , D.C. , dedicated to Thomas Jefferson ( 1743–1826 ) , one of the most important of the American Founding Fathers as the main drafter and writer of the Declaration of Independence , member of the Continental Congress , governor of the newly independent Commonwealth of Virginia , American minister to King Louis XVI and the Kingdom of France , first U.S. Secretary of State under the first President George Washington , the second Vice President of the United States under second President John Adams , and also the third President ( 1801–1809 ) , as well as being the founder of the University of Virginia at Charlottesville , Virginia .
Off Limits is a 1953 comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Bob Hope , Mickey Rooney and Marilyn Maxwell . Hope plays a manager who enlists in the army to keep an eye on his boxer , who has been drafted . The picture was written by Hal Kanter and Jack Sher , and was released in the UK as Military Policemen , as the characters played by Hope and Rooney join the military police . Bob Hope , KBE , KC * SG , KSS ( born Leslie Towns Hope ; May 29 , 1903 – July 27 , 2003 ) was an American comedian , vaudevillian , actor , singer , dancer , athlete and author . With a career spanning nearly 80 years , Hope appeared in more than 70 short and feature films , including a series of "Road" movies . In addition to hosting the Academy Awards show nineteen times , more than any other host , he appeared in many stage productions and television roles , and was the author of 14 books . The song "Thanks for the Memory" is widely regarded as his signature tune .
I Love Melvin is a 1953 American Technicolor MGM musical and dancing comedy film directed by Don Weis starring Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds . Donald David Dixon Ronald O ’ Connor ( August 28 , 1925 – September 27 , 2003 ) was an American dancer , singer , and actor who came to fame in a series of movies in which he co-starred alternately with Gloria Jean , Peggy Ryan , and Francis the Talking Mule .
The Turn of the Screw , originally published in 1898 , is a novella written by Henry James . The story , a part of gothic and ghost story genres , first appeared in serial format in "Collier 's Weekly" magazine ( 27 January – 16 April 1898 ) . In October 1898 it appeared in "The Two Magics" , a book published by Macmillan in New York City and Heinemann in London . The Innocents is a 1961 British supernatural gothic horror film directed and produced in CinemaScope by Jack Clayton , and starring Deborah Kerr , Michael Redgrave and Megs Jenkins . Based on the novella "The Turn of the Screw" by Henry James , the plot follows a governess who watches over two children and comes to fear that the house is haunted by ghosts and that the two children are being possessed . The title of the film was taken from William Archibald 's stage adaptation of James ' novella . Falling within the subgenre of psychological horror , the film achieves its effects through lighting , music and direction rather than conventional shocks . Its atmosphere was created by cinematographer Freddie Francis , who employed deep focus in many scenes , as well as bold , minimal lighting . It was partly shot on location at the Gothic mansion of Sheffield Park in Sussex .
John Robert Fowles ( ; 31 March 1926 – 5 November 2005 ) was an English novelist of international stature , critically positioned between modernism and postmodernism . His work reflects the influence of Jean-Paul Sartre and Albert Camus , among others . Belmont is a Grade II * listed country house near Lyme Regis in West Dorset , South West England . The house was occupied for many years by the English novelist John Fowles , and is now part of the Landmark Trust .
Joseph Glidden ( January 18 , 1813 – October 9 , 1906 ) was an American businessman . He was the inventor of the barbed wire . The Barbed Wire Patent Case , 143 U.S. 275 was a significant patent dispute in 1892 between plaintiff Joseph Glidden and the USPTO regarding the right of barbed wire . Lucian Smith was the original inventor in 1867 and held patent rights for it , with Glidden making changes to it in 1874 that he believed were novelty enough to merit a new invention and thus new patent .
Ishmael Scott Reed ( born February 22 , 1938 ) is an American poet , novelist , essayist , songwriter , playwright , editor and publisher , who is known for his satirical works challenging American political culture . Joseph John Campbell ( March 26 , 1904 – October 30 , 1987 ) was an American mythologist , writer , and lecturer , best known for his work in comparative mythology and comparative religion . His work covers many aspects of the human experience . Campbell 's "magnum opus" is his book "The Hero with a Thousand Faces" ( 1949 ) , in which he discusses his theory of the journey of the archetypal hero found in world mythologies . Since the book 's publication , Campbell 's theory has been consciously applied by a wide variety of modern writers and artists . His philosophy has been summarized by his own often repeated phrase : "Follow your bliss ."
Steve Rash is an American film director and producer best known for directing such films as "The Buddy Holly Story" , "Ca n't Buy Me Love" , "Queens Logic" , "" and "" . Ca n't Buy Me Love is a 1987 American teen romantic comedy feature film starring Patrick Dempsey and Amanda Peterson in a story about a nerd at a high school in Tucson , Arizona who gives a cheerleader $ 1,000 to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month . The film was directed by Steve Rash and takes its title from a Beatles song with the same title .
Charles Thomas "Tom" Johnston ( born August 15 , 1948 ) is an American musician . He is a guitarist and vocalist , known principally as a founder , guitarist , lead vocalist and songwriter for the rock group The Doobie Brothers , as well as for his own solo career . His off-and-on career with The Doobie Brothers spans more than 40 years , during which time the band exhibited numerous successful styles . Daryl Palumbo ( born February 10 , 1979 ) is an American musician , originally from Elmira , New York . He is the frontman of the bands Glassjaw , Head Automatica and Color Film . As a youth he was a member of the Long Island straight edge band "XbustedX ." In 1993 he met guitarist Justin Beck , who would become his good friend . Together they formed Glassjaw .
Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Ltd or Phoenix Television is a Hong Kong–based , Cayman Islands registered Mandarin and Cantonese-language television broadcaster that serves the Chinese mainland and Hong Kong along with other markets with substantial Chinese viewers . It has six different television channels , including Phoenix InfoNews Channel , Phoenix Chinese Channel , Phoenix Movies Channel , and Phoenix Hong Kong Channel . Phoenix Television provides news , information , and entertainment programmes . Phoenix Hong Kong Channel is one of the six channels that Phoenix Television operates . It was launched on 28 March 2011 in order to serve Chinese viewers in Hong Kong , and it is Phoenix Television 's first Yue Chinese-language channel that is available across Hong Kong . This channel now broadcasts through cable television and satellite television systems . Some of its programmes still broadcasting in Mandarin Chinese .
Ravenna ( ] , also locally ] ; Romagnol : "Ravèna" ) is the capital city of the Province of Ravenna , in the Emilia-Romagna region of Northern Italy . It was the capital city of the Western Roman Empire from 402 until that empire collapsed in 476 . It then served as the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom until it was re-conquered in 540 by the Eastern Roman ( Byzantine ) Empire . Afterwards , the city formed the centre of the Byzantine Exarchate of Ravenna until the invasion of the Lombards in 751 , after which it became the seat of the Kingdom of the Lombards . Ornella Fiorentini is an Italian poet and writer born in Ravenna , Italy , living and working in Ravenna , Italy .
Stanley Lawrence Elkin ( May 11 , 1930 – May 31 , 1995 ) was an American novelist , short story writer , and essayist . His extravagant , satirical fiction revolves around American consumerism , popular culture , and male-female relation between each other . Anne Lamott ( born April 10 , 1954 ) is an American novelist and non-fiction writer .
The Hertz Corporation , a subsidiary of Hertz Global Holdings Inc. , is an American car rental company based in Estero , Florida that operates 9,700 international corporate and franchisee locations . As the second-largest US car rental company by sales , locations , and fleet size , Hertz operates in 150 countries , including North America , Europe , Latin America , Africa , Asia , Australia , The Caribbean , the Middle East , and New Zealand . The Hertz Corporation owns Dollar and Thrifty Automotive Group - which separates into Thrifty Car Rental and Dollar Rent A Car . Firefly Car Rental is a low cost car rental brand owned by Hertz . Hertz developed the new brand to replace Advantage Rent a Car which had to be sold following the acquisition of Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group .
Pierre Chenal ( ] ; December 5 , 1904 – December 23 , 1990 ) was a French director and screenwriter who flourished in the 1930s . He was married from 1937 – 1955 to Florence Marly ( 2 June 1919 – 9 November 1978 ) , a Czech-born French film actress . Gareth Huw Evans ( born 1980 ) is a Welsh film director , screenwriter , film editor and action choreographer .
1972 unrest in Lithuanian SSR , sometimes titled as Kaunas ' Spring , took place on May 18–19 , 1972 , in Kaunas , Lithuania , Soviet Union . It was sparked by the self-immolation of a 19-year-old student named Romas Kalanta and prohibition to take part in Kalanta ’ s funeral by the officials . As a result , thousands of young demonstrators gathered in the central street of Kaunas , Laisvės alėja in anti-government protests that spanned from May 18 to May 19 . Romas Kalanta ( February 22 , 1953 – May 15 , 1972 ) was a 19-year-old Lithuanian high school student known for his public self-immolation protesting Soviet regime in Lithuania . Kalanta 's death provoked the largest post-war riots in Lithuania and inspired similar self-immolations . In 1972 alone , 13 more people committed suicide by self-immolation .
Love Child is a 1982 biopic based on the life of Terry Jean Moore . The film stars Amy Madigan , Beau Bridges , and Mackenzie Phillips . Amy Marie Madigan ( born September 11 , 1950 ) is an American actress , producer , and singer . She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1985 film "Twice in a Lifetime" . Her other film credits include "Love Child" ( 1982 ) , "Places in the Heart" ( 1984 ) , "Field of Dreams" ( 1989 ) , "Uncle Buck" ( 1989 ) , "The Dark Half" ( 1993 ) , "Pollock" ( 2000 ) , and "Gone Baby Gone" ( 2007 ) . Madigan won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television and was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie for her portrayal of Sarah Weddington in the 1989 television film "Roe vs. Wade" .
Uncle Wiggily Game is a track board game based on a character in a series of children 's books by American writer Howard Roger Garis . The game is of the "racing" variety in the style of the European "Goose Game" . Players advance along the track from Uncle Wiggily 's Bungalow to Dr. Possum 's House . There is no optimal strategy involved as play entirely rests upon a random drawing of the cards . The game was first published by Milton Bradley in 1916 and has seen several editions with minor modifications over the years . "Uncle Wiggily" remains one of the first and favorite games of childhood , and , with "Candy Land" , is considered a classic juvenile American board game . Diplomacy is a strategic board game created by Allan B. Calhamer in 1954 and released commercially in 1959 . Its main distinctions from most board wargames are its negotiation phases ( players spend much of their time forming and betraying alliances with other players and forming beneficial strategies ) and the absence of dice and other game elements that produce random effects . Set in Europe before the beginning of World War I , "Diplomacy" is played by two to seven players , each controlling the armed forces of a major European power ( or , with fewer players , multiple powers ) . Each player aims to move his or her few starting units and defeat those of others to win possession of a majority of strategic cities and provinces marked as "supply centers" on the map ; these supply centers allow players who control them to produce more units .
William James ( January 11 , 1842 – August 26 , 1910 ) was an American philosopher and psychologist who was also trained as a physician . The first educator to offer a psychology course in the United States , James was one of the leading thinkers of the late nineteenth century and is believed by many to be one of the most influential philosophers the United States has ever produced , while others have labeled him the "Father of American psychology" . Bret Easton Ellis ( born March 7 , 1964 ) is an American author , screenwriter , and short story writer . His works have been translated into 27 languages . He was at first regarded as one of the so-called literary Brat Pack , which also included Tama Janowitz and Jay McInerney . He is a self-proclaimed satirist , whose trademark technique , as a writer , is the expression of extreme acts and opinions in an affectless style . Ellis employs a technique of linking novels with common , recurring characters .
Antoine Marie Joseph Artaud , better known as Antonin Artaud ( ] ; 4 September 1896 – 4 March 1948 ) , was a French dramatist , poet , essayist , actor , and theatre director , widely recognized as one of the major figures of twentieth-century theatre and the European avant-garde . Dame Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor , DBE ( February 27 , 1932 – March 23 , 2011 ) was a British-American actress , businesswoman , and humanitarian . She began her career as a child actress in the early 1940s , and was one of the most popular stars of classical Hollywood cinema in the 1950s . She continued her career successfully into the 1960s , and remained a well known public figure for the rest of her life . In 1999 , the American Film Institute named her the seventh-greatest female screen legend .
The White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are considered the most militant as well as the most violent chapter of the Ku Klux Klan in history . They originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers , its first Grand Wizard . The White Knights of Mississippi were formed in 1964 , and they included roughly 200 members of the Original Knights of Louisiana . The White Knights were not interested in holding public demonstrations or in letting any information about themselves get out to the masses . Similar to the United Klans of America ( UKA ) , the White Knights of Mississippi were very secretive about their group . Within a year , their membership was up to around six thousand , and they had Klaverns in over half of the counties in Mississippi . But by 1967 , the number of active members had shrunk to around four hundred . David Wayne Hull ( born 1962 or 1963 ) is a leader of the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , which is considered the most militant as well as the most violent Ku Klux Klan in history .
Francesca Ruth Fisher-Eastwood ( born August 7 , 1993 ) is an American actress , model , television personality and socialite . She is known for starring in "Mrs. Eastwood & Company" , the E ! reality series that she shares with her family . M.F.A . is a 2017 American thriller film directed by Natalia Leite and written by Leah McKendrick . The film stars Francesca Eastwood , Clifton Collins Jr. , Leah McKendrick , Peter Vack , David Huynh , Marlon Young , David Sullivan , Michael Welch and Mike Manning .
YIVO ( Yiddish : ייִוואָ , ] ) , established in 1925 in Wilno in the Second Polish Republic ( now Vilnius , Lithuania ) as the Yidisher Visnshaftlekher Institut ( Yiddish : ייִדישער װיסנשאַפֿטלעכער אינסטיטוט , ] , Yiddish Scientific Institute ) , is an organization that preserves , studies , and teaches the cultural history of Jewish life throughout Eastern Europe , Germany and Russia , as well as orthography , lexicography , and other studies related to Yiddish . ( The word "yidisher" means both "Yiddish" and "Jewish" . ) The English name of the organization was changed to the Institute for Jewish Research subsequent to its relocation to New York City , although it is still primarily known by its Yiddish acronym . YIVO is now a member of the Center for Jewish History . It serves as the "de facto" recognized language regulator of the Yiddish language . Arnold Richards , M.D. , is a psychoanalyst and former editor of "The American Psychoanalyst" and "Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association ( JAPA )" . Richards also is the Training and Supervising Analyst at the New York Psychoanalytic Institute . He is the founder and Editor-in-Chief of the International Psychoanalysis.net magazine . Richards is a board member and former chair of YIVO .
Lepidozamia is a genus of two species of cycad , both endemic to Australia . The name , derived from the Greek word lepidos , meaning scaly , refers to the scale-like structure of the stem and leaf bases . They are native to rainforest climates in eastern Queensland and eastern New South Wales . They have a chromosome number of 2n = 18 . Eucryphia is a small genus of trees and large shrubs native to the south temperate regions of South America and coastal eastern Australia . Sometimes placed in a family of their own , the Eucryphiaceae , more recent classifications place them in the Cunoniaceae . There are seven species , two in South America and five in Australia , and several named hybrids . They are mostly evergreen though one species ( "E. glutinosa" ) is usually deciduous .
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky ( ; Russian : Пётр Ильи́ч Чайко́вский ; 25 April/7 May 1840 – 25 October/6 November 1893 ) , often anglicized as Peter Ilich Tchaikovsky , was a Russian composer of the romantic period , some of whose works are among the most popular music in the classical repertoire . He was the first Russian composer whose music made a lasting impression internationally , bolstered by his appearances as a guest conductor in Europe and the United States . Tchaikovsky was honored in 1884 , by Emperor Alexander III , and awarded a lifetime pension . Mavra is a one-act opera buffa composed by Igor Stravinsky , and one of the earliest works of Stravinsky 's 'neo-classical ' period . The libretto of the opera , by Boris Kochno , is based on Alexander Pushkin 's "The Little House in Kolomna" . Mavra is about 25 minutes long , and features two arias , a duet , and a quartet performed by its cast of four characters . The opera has been characterised as both an homage to Russian writers , and a satire of bourgeois manners and the "Romeo and Juliet" subgenre of romance . Philip Truman has also described the music as satirising 19th-century comic opera . The dedication on the score is to the memory of Pushkin , Glinka and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky .
Delmer Lawrence Daves ( July 24 , 1904 – August 17 , 1977 ) was an American screenwriter , director and producer . Phil Rosen ( May 8 , 1888 – October 22 , 1951 ) was an American film director and cinematographer . He directed 142 films between 1915 and 1949 .
John Wesley ( or ; 28 June [ O.S . 17 June ] 1703 2 March 1791 ) was an English Anglican cleric and theologian who , with his brother Charles and fellow cleric George Whitefield , founded Methodism . Henry Moore ( 1751–1844 ) was an English Wesleyan minister and biographer .
Robert Mark "Rob" Marciano ( born June 25 , 1968 ) is an American journalist and meteorologist who is currently employed by ABC News . Marciano is ABC 's , and currently provides forecasts for the weekend editions of "Good Morning America" , a position Ginger Zee vacated when she was chosen to succeed Champion on the daily editions of "GMA" . Kait Parker is an atmospheric scientist who currently works for weather.com and The Weather Channel app . She can also occasionally be seen on "Good Morning America" where she fills-in for meteorologist Rob Marciano on weekends . . Prior to her role with weather.com , she was an on-camera meteorologist and host of America 's Morning Headquarters Weekend Edition alongside Reynolds Wolf . She left The Weather Channel television network in early 2016 .
Johan Leysen ( born 19 February 1950 ) is a Belgian actor . He has appeared in more than 130 films and television shows since 1977 . He starred in the film "De grens" , which was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival . In 1998 he won the Golden Calf for Best Actor for his role in the movie "Felice ... Felice ..." . In the 2010 film "The American" , he appeared as Pavel , mysterious handler of Jack , the assassin character played by George Clooney . George Timothy Clooney ( born May 6 , 1961 ) is an American actor , director , producer , screenwriter , activist , businessman , and philanthropist . He has received three Golden Globe Awards for his work as an actor and two Academy Awards , one for acting in "Syriana" ( 2006 ) and the other for co-producing "Argo" ( 2012 ) .
Universal Pictures ( also referred to as Universal Studios or simply Universal ) is an American film studio owned by Comcast through the Universal Filmed Entertainment Group division of its wholly owned subsidiary NBCUniversal . The company was founded in 1912 by Carl Laemmle , Mark Dintenfass , Charles O. Baumann , Adam Kessel , Pat Powers , William Swanson , David Horsley , Robert H. Cochrane , and Jules Brulatour , and is the oldest surviving film studio in the United States , the world 's fourth oldest after Gaumont , Pathé and Nordisk Film , and the oldest in terms of the overall film market . Its studios are located in Universal City , California , and its corporate offices are located in New York City . Radio Patrol is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Tom Reed and Richard Schayer . The film stars Robert Armstrong , Russell Hopton , Lila Lee , June Clyde , Sidney Toler and Andy Devine . It was released on June 2 , 1932 , by Universal Pictures .
The Mindy Project is an American romantic comedy television series that premiered on Fox on September 25 , 2012 , and aired on Tuesday nights until March 24 , 2015 . It then began airing on Hulu on September 15 , 2015 . The series , created by Mindy Kaling ( the series ' star ) , is co-produced by Universal Television and 3 Arts Entertainment . Anna Ragsdale Camp ( born September 27 , 1982 ) is an American actress and singer . She is known for her role as Sarah Newlin in "True Blood" , and her recurring roles in "Mad Men" , "The Good Wife" , and "The Mindy Project" . She is also known for her role as Aubrey Posen in "Pitch Perfect" ( 2012 ) , "Pitch Perfect 2" ( 2015 ) , and the upcoming "Pitch Perfect 3" ( 2017 ) . She made her Broadway debut in the 2008 production of "A Country House" and played Jill Mason in the 2008 Broadway revival of "Equus" . In 2012 , she was nominated for a Drama Desk Award for her performance in the Off-Broadway play "All New People" . Camp played Jane Hollander , a researcher for the fictitious "News of the Week" magazine in the Amazon series "Good Girls Revolt ." She also had a role in the 2011 film "The Help" .
Casey Austin Keenum ( born February 17 , 1988 ) is an American football quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League ( NFL ) . He played college football for Houston , where he became the NCAA 's all-time leader in total passing yards , touchdowns , and completions . He was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2012 , and has also played for the St. Louis/Los Angeles Rams . Daniel Terrence LeFevour ( born March 19 , 1987 ) is a Canadian football quarterback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) . He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the sixth round of the 2010 NFL Draft . He played college football at Central Michigan University . Known as a dual-threat quarterback , LeFevour had the most total touchdowns in NCAA history until being surpassed by Case Keenum in 2011 .
Salem is a town in Rockingham County , New Hampshire , United States . The population was 28,776 at the 2010 census . Salem is a marketing and distributing center north of Boston , with a major amusement attraction , Canobie Lake Park , and a large shopping mall , the Mall at Rockingham Park . Canobie Lake is a 375 acre body of water located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire , United States , in the towns of Salem and Windham . It is approximately 1.5 mi long , and on average 0.4 mi wide , though two arms of the lake combine to produce a width of 1 mi at the lake 's center . Canobie Lake Park , an amusement park , is located on the lake 's east shore . The lake is the water supply for the town of Salem , New Hampshire .
The 2017 mayoral election in Jackson , Mississippi took place on June 6 , 2017 , alongside other Jackson municipal races . Chokwe Antar Lumumba , son of late former mayor Chokwe Lumumba was elected mayor in a landslide in the general election after defeating eight other candidates , including incumbent mayor Tony Yarber in the primary . Chokwe Lumumba ( ; August 2 , 1947 – February 25 , 2014 ) was an American attorney and politician , affiliated with the Republic of New Afrika and serving as its second vice president . He served as a human rights lawyer in Michigan and Mississippi . In 2013 , after serving on the City Council , he was elected as Mayor of Jackson , Mississippi . He was born in Detroit , Michigan , as Edwin Finley Taliaferro , and was raised there , attending local schools .
Renzo Gracie ( ; ] ; born March 11 , 1967 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner . A member of the Gracie family of Brazil , Renzo is a 6th Degree Black in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Carlos Gracie Jr .. He is the son of Robson Gracie , grandson of Carlos Gracie , nephew of Carlos Gracie , Jr. grandnephew of Helio Gracie , and the 1st cousin once removed of Royce Gracie . In mixed martial arts , Renzo has competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship , Pride Fighting Championships , K-1 , RINGS , and International Fight League ( head-coaching the New York Pitbulls ) . He holds notable victories over five former UFC Champions : Frank Shamrock ( UFC Light Heavyweight Champion ) , Carlos Newton ( UFC Welterweight Champion ) , Pat Miletich ( UFC Welterweight Champion ) , Maurice Smith ( UFC Heavyweight Champion ) , and Oleg Taktarov ( UFC 6 Tournament Winner ) Carlos Newton ( born August 17 , 1976 ) is an Anguillian-born Canadian retired mixed martial artist and one of the original MMA pioneers . He is a former UFC Welterweight Champion and Pride FC Japan MMA Legend . Known as "The Ronin" , he competed worldwide in the biggest MMA organizations including UFC , Pride FC , IFL , K-1 , Shooto and most recently W-1 . He is a 3rd Degree Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt alongside his coach Terry Riggs , at Warrior MMA in Newmarket , Ontario . Newton has always been considered a fan favourite and a "Submission Master" and has dubbed his personal fighting style—an amalgam of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu , judo , wrestling and boxing as "Dragon Ball Jiu-Jitsu" in tribute to "Dragon Ball" , a Japanese manga series . As a testament to his worldwide popularity , Newton is one of only a few MMA athletes to ever be allowed to compete in the UFC and Pride FC at the same time .
David William "Hughesy" Hughes ( born 26 November 1970 in Warrnambool , Victoria ) is an Australian stand-up comedian , and a radio and television presenter . Australia 's Got Talent is an Australian reality television show , based on the original UK series , to find new talent . Nine announced that the show would be returning in 2016 for an eighth season . It is the second season to air on Nine after it was axed in 2013 . Auditions are open for September and October 2015 . On 28 October 2015 , it was announced that Halliwell , French , Timomatic and Sandilands have been replaced with a new panel of judges , they are Kelly Osbourne , Ian "Dicko" Dickson , Sophie Monk and Eddie Perfect . Morris did not return as host as she is committed to another show and was replaced by Dave Hughes as the host . For the first time , this season introduced the Golden Buzzer . The season premiered on 1 February 2016 .
Christopher "Chris" Tarbell is a former FBI special agent who infiltrated both Anonymous and the Silk Road . He was involved in the tracking and arrest of both Sabu ( of Anonymous ) and Dread Pirate Roberts of Silk Road ( Ross Ulbricht ) . He turned Sabu into an informant against the hacker group Lulzsec . He later led the team that led to the arrest of Ross Ulbricht in the Glen Park Public Library . Ross William Ulbricht ( born March 27 , 1984 ) is a former darknet market operator , best known for being convicted of creating and running the Silk Road website until his arrest . He was known under the pseudonym "Dread Pirate Roberts" .
Michel'le is the self-titled debut studio album by American recording artist Michel'le . It was released on October 23 , 1989 on Ruthless Records and was produced by Dr. Dre of N.W.A . The album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America 5 weeks after its release . To date the album has sold 1.3 million copies in the United States . Andre Romelle Young ( born February 18 , 1965 ) , better known by his stage name Dr. Dre , is an American rapper , record producer , and entrepreneur . He is the founder and current CEO of Aftermath Entertainment and Beats Electronics . Dre was previously the co-owner of , and an artist on , Death Row Records . He has produced albums for and overseen the careers of many rappers , including 2Pac , The D.O.C. , Snoop Dogg , Eminem , Xzibit , Knoc-turn'al , 50 Cent , The Game and Kendrick Lamar . He is credited as a key figure in the popularization of West Coast G-funk , a style of rap music characterized as synthesizer-based with slow , heavy beats . As of 2017 , he is the third richest figure in hip hop according to "Forbes" with a net worth of $ 740 million .
The Martian Manhunter ( J'onn J'onzz ) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics . Created by writer Joseph Samachson and designed by artist Joe Certa , the character first appeared in the story "The Manhunter from Mars" in "Detective Comics" # 225 ( Nov. 1955 ) . Martian Manhunter is one of the seven original members of the Justice League of America . Tom Mandrake ( born May 26 , 1956 ) is an American comics artist , perhaps best known for his collaborations with writer John Ostrander on several series , including "Grimjack" ( from First Comics ) and "Firestorm" , "The Spectre" , and "Martian Manhunter" from DC Comics . < ref name=" John/Tom" > John Ostrander and Tom Mandrake collaborations at the Grand Comics Database < /ref >
Afonwen ( ] ; Welsh : "Afon-wen" ) is a town in Flintshire , Wales . It is situated just under four miles from the A55 North Wales Expressway and on the A541 Mold-Denbigh road . At the 2001 Census , the population of Afonwen was included into the civil parish of Caerwys and was 1,319 , with a total ward population of 2,496 . The A55 , also known as the North Wales Expressway ( Welsh : "Gwibffordd Gogledd Cymru" ) and the Chester to Bangor Trunk Road , is a major road in Britain . Its entire length is a dual carriageway primary route , with the exception of the point where it crosses the Britannia Bridge over the Menai Strait and several short sections where there are gaps in between the two carriageways . All junctions are grade separated except for two roundabouts — one east of Penmaenmawr and one in Llanfairfechan . The road originally ran from Chester to Bangor but was extended parallel to the A5 across Anglesey to just outside Holyhead Docks in 2001 . The road improvements have been part funded with European money , under the Trans-European Networks programme , as the route is designated part of Euroroute E22 ( Holyhead - Leeds - Amsterdam - Hamburg - Malmö - Riga - Moscow - Perm - Ekaterinburg - Ishim ) .
A 200-foot game is an expression used in ice hockey to describe a forward 's ability to have strong play at both ends of an ice rink , which is standardized at 200 feet long . Players who can play a 200-foot game are contrasted with players who score a lot of points by avoiding hard forechecking or backchecking , cherry picking their plays perhaps for breakaways , and avoiding fighting for the puck in the corners of the rink , such as Pavel Bure or Brett Hull . Playing a 200-foot game means fighting for each part of the ice , fighting for control of the puck whether it 's in one 's possession or not , and engaging using your body in traffic . Some examples of players who play or played a 200-foot game include Sidney Crosby , Mike Richards , Marian Hossa , Jonathan Toews , Pavel Datsyuk , Auston Matthews , and Gordie Howe . Jonathan Bryan Toews , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( ; born April 29 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who currently serves as captain of the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
"Towards the Sun" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for the soundtrack to the 2015 film "Home" . The song premiered on BBC Radio 1 on February 24 , 2015 and it was released for digital download as the soundtrack 's lead single the same day though Westbury Road . The song was set to impact mainstream radio on March 17 , 2015 however the radio release was cancelled . The song was written and produced by Tiago Carvalho and Gary Go , with an additional writing done by Rihanna . Home : Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album for "Home" , a 2015 animation film based on the 2007 children book "The True Meaning of Smekday" by Adam Rex . It features songs recorded by Rihanna , Clarence Coffee Jr. , Kiesza , Charli XCX , Jacob Plant , and Jennifer Lopez . It was released on March 23 , 2015 through Westbury Road and Roc Nation . Following the announcement that Rihanna would star in the film , it was revealed she would release a concept album based on the animated film . As the executive producer of the soundtrack , she called on various artists to feature on the album . Rihanna 's "Towards the Sun" and Jennifer Lopez 's "Feel the Light" were released as singles to promote the album .
Stanley James Spinks ( 16 October 1912 – 23 October 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1930s . He played as both a centreman and wingman in his career . The Hawthorn Football Club , nicknamed the Hawks , is a professional Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . The club , founded in 1902 , is the youngest of the Victorian-based teams in the AFL and has won thirteen VFL/AFL premierships . It is renowned as the only club having won premierships in each decade of the 1960s , 1970s , 1980s , 1990s , 2000s and 2010s . The team play in brown and gold vertically striped guernseys . The club 's Latin motto is "spectemur agendo" , the English translation being "By our deeds let us be known" .
Texarkana Regional Airport ( IATA : TXK , ICAO : KTXK , FAA LID : TXK ) , also known as Webb Field , is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Texarkana , a city in Miller County , Arkansas , United States . It is owned by the Texarkana Airport Authority . The airport is located within the city limits of Texarkana , roughly 3 miles east of State Line Avenue . The front gate opens to the northwest , at the intersection of Arkansas Boulevard and U.S. Route 67 . A Union Pacific Railroad line runs parallel to US 67 on the side of the highway facing the airport . It is mostly used for general aviation , but is also served by American Eagle . Wilmington International Airport ( IATA : ILM , ICAO : KILM , FAA LID : ILM ) is a public airport located just north of Wilmington , North Carolina , in unincorporated Wrightsboro , Cape Fear Township , New Hanover County .
The Revolutionary is a 1970 political drama film directed by Paul Williams . The screenplay was written by Hans Koning ( credited as Hans Koningsberger ) , based on his novel of the same name . It was the film debut for actor Jeffrey Jones . Jeffrey Duncan Jones ( born September 28 , 1946 ) is an American actor best known for his roles as Edward R. Rooney in "Ferris Bueller 's Day Off" ( 1986 ) , Charles Deetz in "Beetlejuice" ( 1988 ) , Skip Tyler in "The Hunt for Red October" ( 1990 ) and A.W . Merrick in "Deadwood" ( 2004–2006 ) . His career started in Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis , Minnesota , advanced to London and Broadway , before leading to a series of character acting roles in film and television , which often capitalized on Jones 's deadpan delivery of characters in unusual situations to comic effect . Jones was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his portrayal of Joseph II in "Amadeus" ( 1984 ) and a Screen Actors Guild Award as part of the ensemble cast of "Deadwood" .
Kalenderhane Mosque ( Turkish : "Kalenderhane Camii" ) is a former Eastern Orthodox church in Istanbul , converted into a mosque by the Ottomans . With high probability the church was originally dedicated to the Theotokos Kyriotissa . The building is sometimes referred to as Kalender Haneh Jamissi and St. Mary Diaconissa . This building represents one among the few extant examples of a Byzantine church with domed Greek cross plan . The Galata Bridge ( Turkish : "Galata Köprüsü" , ] ) is a bridge that spans the Golden Horn in Istanbul , Turkey . From the end of the 19th century in particular , the bridge has featured in Turkish literature , theater , poetry and novels .
Little Fugitive is a 2006 remake of the film of the same name . It was directed by Joanna Lipper and produced by Nicholas Paleologos . The film is set in present day Brooklyn and tells the story of 11-year-old Lenny ( Nicolas Martí Salgado ) who must take care of his 7-year-old brother , Joey ( David Castro ) , while their father ( Peter Dinklage ) is in jail and their mother work long hours a nursing home . When Lenny plays a practical joke on Joey that goes too far , Joey soon runs away to Coney Island . Peter Hayden Dinklage ( , born June 11 , 1969 ) is an American actor and film producer . He has received numerous accolades , including a Golden Globe Award and two Primetime Emmy Awards .
The Stanford Chaparral ( also known as the Chappie ) is a humor magazine published by students of Stanford University since 1899 . Dime Magazine is an American basketball magazine that began circulation in 2001 . The magazine publishes six issues a year for its worldwide readership , as well as a handful of editions of "Dime China" , a Chinese-language version consisting of regular "Dime" content translated from English and original content from editorial staff in China . It makes an appearance as an endorsement in "NBA 2K12" , and "NBA 2K13" . It is owned by Uproxx itself a brand of Woven Digital .
Michael Rispoli ( born November 27 , 1960 ) is an American character actor . He was in the cast of the HBO television series "The Sopranos" as Jackie Aprile , Sr. Rispoli reunited with "Sopranos" co-star James Gandolfini in the 2009 thriller "The Taking of Pelham 123" . Rispoli was a contender for the role of Tony Soprano that ultimately went to Gandolfini . The Taking of Pelham 123 is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Tony Scott , and starring Denzel Washington and John Travolta . It is a film adaptation of the novel by Morton Freedgood ( writing under the pseudonym John Godey ) , and is a remake of the original 1974 film adaptation , which was also remade in 1998 as a TV film . Production began in March 2008 , and it was released on June 12 , 2009 .
Killing Pablo : The Hunt for the World 's Greatest Outlaw ( 2001 ) is a book by Mark Bowden that details the efforts by the governments of the United States and Colombia , their respective military and intelligence forces , and Los Pepes to stop illegal activities committed by Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar and his subordinates . It relates how Escobar was killed and his cartel dismantled . Bowden originally reported this story in a 31-part series published in "The Philadelphia Inquirer" and in a companion documentary of the same title . Mark Robert Bowden ( born July 17 , 1951 ) is an American writer and author . He is a National Correspondent for The Atlantic and a contributing editor at "Vanity Fair" . Born in St. Louis , Missouri , he is a 1973 graduate of Loyola University Maryland . While at Loyola , he was inspired to embark on a journalistic career by reading Tom Wolfe 's book "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test" . In 2010 , in his acceptance speech for a lifetime achievement award at the National Book Awards , Wolfe called Bowden one of the two "writers to watch" ( along with Michael Lewis ) .
The Smashing Pumpkins are an American alternative rock band from Chicago , Illinois , formed in 1988 . Formed by frontman Billy Corgan ( lead vocals , guitar ) and James Iha ( guitar ) , the band included D'arcy Wretzky ( bass guitar ) and Jimmy Chamberlin ( drums ) in its original incarnation . It has undergone many line-up changes over the course of its existence , with the current lineup being Corgan and rhythm guitarist Jeff Schroeder . The Offspring is an American rock band from Garden Grove , California , formed in 1984 . Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal , the band has consisted of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Dexter Holland , bassist Greg K. , lead guitarist Kevin "Noodles" Wasserman and drummer Pete Parada since 2007 . While Holland , Greg K. , and Noodles have been constant members since the band was formed , the Offspring has gone through a number of drummers . Their longest-serving drummer was Ron Welty , who had been a member of The Offspring for 16 years ; he was replaced by Atom Willard in 2003 , and then four years later by Parada . The band is often credited—alongside fellow California punk bands Green Day , Bad Religion , NOFX , Pennywise and Rancid—for reviving mainstream interest in punk rock in the 1990s . They have sold over 40 million records worldwide , being considered one of the best-selling punk rock bands of all time .
"You 'll Be Back" is the seventh song from Act 1 of the musical "Hamilton" , based on the life of Alexander Hamilton , which premiered on Broadway in 2015 . Lin-Manuel Miranda wrote both the music and lyrics to the song . It is sung by Jonathan Groff in the show 's original cast recording . Jonathan Drew Groff ( born March 26 , 1985 ) is an American actor and singer .
Claudio Javier López ( ] , born 17 July 1974 ) is a retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward . Valencia CF had a successful season , finishing in the top four of La Liga and thus qualifying for the UEFA Champions League for the first time in almost 30 years , thanks to the extension of the competition to include more teams from the top leagues . Valencia also won the Copa del Rey , ending a long trophy drought and marking a successful end to Italian coach Claudio Ranieri 's first spell at the club . Among the main players behind the success included Gaizka Mendieta , Javier Farinós and lethal striker Claudio López .
Andries Jonker ( ] , 22 September 1962 ) is a Dutch former footballer . He last managed VfL Wolfsburg . Arsenal Football Club Academy is the youth team setup of Arsenal Football Club based in Hale End , London , England . The academy plays within the Professional Development League , the highest level of youth football in England . The club as well features within the FA Youth Cup and the UEFA Youth League tourneys . Ascending from the academy has been players such as David Rocastle , Liam Brady , John Radford , Terry Neill and Pat Rice . As well footballers in the like of David O'Leary , Hector Bellerin and Charlie George have also emanated from Hale End . The Netherland 's Andries Jonker was in prior the head of the academy with Englishman Luke Hobbs now at the helm .
"Gives You Hell" is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects , released as the lead single from their third studio album "When the World Comes Down" on September 30 , 2008 . The All-American Rejects is an American rock band formed in Stillwater , Oklahoma in 1999 . The band consists of lead guitarist and backing vocalist Nick Wheeler , lead vocalist and bassist Tyson Ritter , rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist Mike Kennerty , and drummer Chris Gaylor . Nick Wheeler and Tyson Ritter are the band 's songwriters ; Wheeler is the primary composer and Ritter is the main lyricist .
China Blue is a 2005 documentary film directed by Micha Peled . It follows the life of Jasmine Li , a young seventeen-year-old worker from Sichuan province , in a Chinese jeans factory , "Lifeng Clothes Factory" ( 丽锋服饰制衣有限公司 ) in Shaxi , Guangdong producing Vigaze Jeans ( a company based in Istanbul , Turkey ) , hence the title . Jasmine earned about half a yuan for one hour 's work ( which amounted to about six US cents ) . Hot Girls Wanted is a 2015 American documentary on young adult pornography directed by Jill Bauer and Ronna Gradus . The film follows the lives of several 18- and 19-year-old pornographic actresses . The film premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival and was released on Netflix on May 29 , 2015 .
Learjet is a Canadian owned , American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military use based in Wichita , Kansas . Founded in the late 1950s by William Powell Lear as Swiss American Aviation Corporation , it has been a subsidiary of Canadian Bombardier Aerospace since 1990 , which markets it as the "Bombardier Learjet Family" . William Powell "Bill" Lear ( June 26 , 1902 – May 14 , 1978 ) was an American inventor and businessman . He is best known for founding the Lear Jet Corporation , a manufacturer of business jets . He also invented the battery eliminator for the B battery , and developed the 8-track cartridge , an audio tape system . Throughout his career of 46 years , Lear received over 120 patents .
The Kiribati national basketball team are the basketball side that represent Kiribati in international competitions . They competed at the 2015 Pacific Games , where they finished with an 0-4 record . Basketball at the 2015 Pacific Games in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea was held at the BSP Arena and PNG Power Dome on 3–12 July 2015 .
Montejo v. Louisiana , 556 U.S. 778 ( 2009 ) , is a 5–4 decision by the United States Supreme Court that overruled the Court 's decision in "Michigan v. Jackson" , 475 U.S. 625 ( 1986 ) . The case concerned the validity of a defendant 's waiver of his right to counsel during a police interrogation . In reversing "Jackson" , the Court said such a waiver was valid . Planned Parenthood v. Casey , 505 U.S. 833 ( 1992 ) , was a landmark United States Supreme Court case in which the constitutionality of several Pennsylvania state statutory provisions regarding abortion was challenged . The Court 's plurality opinion reaffirmed the central holding of "Roe v. Wade" stating that "matters , involving the most intimate and personal choices a person may make in a lifetime , choices central to personal dignity and autonomy , are central to the liberty protected by the Fourteenth Amendment ." The Court 's plurality opinion upheld the constitutional right to have an abortion while altering the standard for analyzing restrictions on that right , crafting the "undue burden" standard for abortion restrictions . "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" differs from "Roe ," however , because under "Roe" the state could not regulate abortions in the first trimester whereas under "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" the state can regulate abortions in the first trimester , or any point before the point of viability , and beyond as long as that regulation does not pose an undue burden on women 's fundamental right to an abortion . Applying this new standard of review , the Court upheld four regulations and invalidated the requirement of spousal notification .
Claude Makélélé Sinda ( ] ; born 18 February 1973 ) is a French former footballer and current assistant coach at Premier League club Swansea City . Wilfred Bamnjo ( born 27 March 1980 in Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley . His position is defensive midfielder . Supporters have given Bamnjo a nickname of "Hong Kong Makélélé" .
VIVmag is one of the earliest exclusively digital , interactive women 's lifestyle magazines . Launched in 2006 and backed by Canadian industrialist David Harrison Gilmour ( the founder of FIJI Water LLC ) , the bimonthly magazine is distributed by Zinio Systems , Inc . The first issue appeared in January-February 2007 . There is no print version . The paperless title can be viewed in most browsers or downloaded to your computer and read via the Zinio Reader . The magazine is based in Thousand Oaks , California . La Belle Assemblée ( in full La Belle Assemblée or , Bell 's Court and Fashionable Magazine Addressed Particularly to the Ladies ) was a British women 's magazine published from 1806 to 1837 , founded by John Bell ( 1745–1831 ) .
Hidden City Entertainment was a game publisher founded in 2004 ( as Hidden City Games , Inc. ) by Jesper Myrfors and Paul Peterson to develop and market the chip-throwing game , "Clout Fantasy ." After Clout was developed the company recruited Peter Adkison as CEO . Jesper Myrfors ( born 1964 in Sweden ) is a founding member of Hidden City Games and Clout Fantasy .
Catopsis is a genus in the botanical family Bromeliaceae , subfamily Tillandsioideae . The genus name is from the Greek “ kata ” ( hanging down ) and “ opsis ” ( appearance ) . "Catopsis" is a genus of plants widespread across much of Latin America from Mexico to Brazil , plus Florida and the West Indies . One of the species , "Catopsis berteroniana" , is thought to be carnivorous . Crataegus ( ; from the Greek "kratos" "strength" and "akis" "sharp" , referring to the thorns of some species ) commonly called hawthorn , thornapple , May-tree , whitethorn , or hawberry , is a large genus of shrubs and trees in the family Rosaceae , native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere in Europe , Asia and North America . The name "hawthorn" was originally applied to the species native to northern Europe , especially the common hawthorn "C. monogyna" , and the unmodified name is often so used in Britain and Ireland . The name is now also applied to the entire genus and to the related Asian genus "Rhaphiolepis" . The name haw , originally an Old English term for hedge , applies to the fruit .
Flamingo Las Vegas ( formerly The Fabulous Flamingo and Flamingo Hilton Las Vegas ) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada . It is owned and operated by Caesars Entertainment Corporation . Toni Braxton : Revealed was the first and only residency show by American singer Toni Braxton . It was performed at The Showroom at the Flamingo Las Vegas until the announcement of its cancellation on April 6 , 2008 .
Jang Joon-hwan ( born January 18 , 1970 ) is a South Korean film director . Peter James Yates ( 24 July 1929 – 9 January 2011 ) was an English film director and producer . He was born in Aldershot , Hampshire .
Fat Albert ( 1973 ) is the 15th comedy album by Bill Cosby . William Henry Cosby Jr. ( ; born July 12 , 1937 ) is an American stand-up comedian , actor , musician , and author . His start in stand-up comedy began at the hungry i in San Francisco ; he then landed a starring role in the 1960s television show "I Spy" . He was also a regular on the children 's television series "The Electric Company" during the show 's first two seasons .
David Hersey ( born November 30 , 1939 ) is a lighting designer who has designed the lighting for over 250 plays , musicals , operas , and ballets . His work has been seen in most corners of the globe and his awards include the Tony Award for Best Lighting Design for "Evita" , "Cats" , and "Les Misérables" , the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Lighting Design for "Cats" , "Miss Saigon" , and "Equus" , and the 1996 Laurence Olivier Award for Lighting Design . Equus is a play by Peter Shaffer written in 1973 , telling the story of a psychiatrist who attempts to treat a young man who has a pathological religious fascination with horses .
Life is a 2015 biographical drama film directed by Anton Corbijn and written by Luke Davies . It is based on the friendship of "Life" photographer Dennis Stock and Hollywood actor James Dean , starring Robert Pattinson as Stock and Dane DeHaan as Dean . Dane William DeHaan ( ; born February 6 , 1986 ) is an American actor . His roles include Jesse on the HBO series "In Treatment" , Andrew Detmer in "Chronicle" ( 2012 ) , Jason Kancam in Derek Cianfrance 's "The Place Beyond the Pines" ( 2012 ) , Lucien Carr in "Kill Your Darlings" ( 2013 ) , Harry Osborn in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" ( 2014 ) , James Dean in Anton Corbijn 's "Life" ( 2015 ) , Lockhart in Gore Verbinski 's "A Cure for Wellness" ( 2016 ) and the title character in Luc Besson 's "Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets" ( 2017 ) . He has also appeared in several advertisements for Prada .
Essendon Airport ( IATA : MEB , ICAO : YMEN ) is a 305 ha public airport serving scheduled commercial , corporate-jet , charter and general aviation flights . It is located next to the intersection of the Tullamarine and Calder Freeways , in the northern suburb of Essendon Fields of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia . The airport is the closest to Melbourne 's City Centre , approximately a 13 km drive north-west from it and 8 km south-east from Melbourne Tullamarine Airport . In 1970 , Tullamarine Airport replaced Essendon as Melbourne 's main airport . No . 3 Elementary Flying Training School ( No . 3 EFTS ) was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) pilot training unit that operated during World War II . It was one of twelve elementary flying training schools employed by the RAAF to provide introductory flight instruction to new pilots as part of Australia 's contribution to the Empire Air Training Scheme . No . 3 EFTS was established in January 1940 at Essendon , Victoria , and initially included a significant proportion of civilian staff and private aircraft ; by mid-year these had been largely integrated into the military . The school was disbanded in May 1942 , its aircraft and instructional staff having been transferred to No . 11 Elementary Flying School at Benalla .
Francis Albert Sinatra ( ; ] ; December 12 , 1915 – May 14 , 1998 ) was an American singer , actor , and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century . He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time , having sold more than 150 million records worldwide . Born in Hoboken , New Jersey , to Italian immigrants , Sinatra began his musical career in the swing era with bandleaders Harry James and Tommy Dorsey . Sinatra found success as a solo artist after he signed with Columbia Records in 1943 , becoming the idol of the "bobby soxers" . He released his debut album , "The Voice of Frank Sinatra" , in 1946 . Sinatra 's professional career had stalled by the early 1950s , and he turned to Las Vegas , where he became one of its best known performers as part of the Rat Pack . His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of "From Here to Eternity" , with his performance subsequently winning an Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor . Sinatra released several critically lauded albums , including "In the Wee Small Hours" ( 1955 ) , "Songs for Swingin ' Lovers ! "( 1956 ) , "Come Fly with Me" ( 1958 ) , "Only the Lonely" ( 1958 ) and "Nice ' n ' Easy" ( 1960 ) . Sinatra : London is a 3CD & 1DVD Frank Sinatra box set released on November 25 , 2014 . It is the third in a series of city-themed box sets following "" and "" . The set includes the 1962 album "Sinatra Sings Great Songs from Great Britain" as recorded in London , as well as unreleased outtake material from those sessions and spoken introductions for each song intended for a BBC radio special . The live material consists of a 1953 session from BBC Radio 's "The Show Band Show" , a full concert recorded in 1984 at the Royal Albert Hall , and two concerts on the DVD , both recorded at the Royal Festival Hall in 1962 and 1970 . The liner notes are written by Ken Barnes .
Robert Norton Noyce ( December 12 , 1927 – June 3 , 1990 ) , nicknamed "the Mayor of Silicon Valley ," co-founded Fairchild Semiconductor in 1957 and Intel Corporation in 1968 . He is also credited ( along with Jack Kilby ) with the realization of the first integrated circuit or microchip that fueled the personal computer revolution and gave Silicon Valley its name . Jack St. Clair Kilby ( November 8 , 1923 – June 20 , 2005 ) was an American electrical engineer who took part ( along with Robert Noyce ) in the realization of the first integrated circuit while working at Texas Instruments ( TI ) in 1958 . He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics on December 10 , 2000 . To congratulate him , American President Bill Clinton wrote , "You can take pride in the knowledge that your work will help to improve lives for generations to come ."
Panic ! at the Disco is an American rock band that originated in Las Vegas , Nevada . Their 2005 debut album , "A Fever You Ca n't Sweat Out" , reached number 13 on the US "Billboard" 200 , and has sold more than 2.2 million copies since its September 2005 release , spearheaded by the platinum top 10 hit single , "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" . The band 's second album , "Pretty . Odd . ", was released on March 21 , 2008 , entering the US chart at , and peaking at , number 2 . Their third effort , "Vices & Virtues" , was released on March 18 , 2011 , and peaked at number 7 in the US . Their fourth album , 2013 's "Too Weird to Live , Too Rare to Die ! ", entered the US chart at , and peaked at , number 2 , and contained the gold certified lead single "Miss Jackson" . The band 's fifth studio album , "Death of a Bachelor" , was released in January 2016 and became their first Number 1 album in the US . Death of a Bachelor is the fifth studio album by American rock band Panic ! at the Disco , released January 15 , 2016 on Fueled by Ramen and DCD2 . It is the follow-up to the band 's fourth studio album , "Too Weird to Live , Too Rare to Die ! "( 2013 ) , with the entire album written and recorded by lead vocalist/multi-instrumentalist Brendon Urie , among external writers . It is the band 's first album to not feature drummer Spencer Smith and also follows bassist Dallon Weekes ' departure from the official line-up , subsequently becoming a touring member once again .
Athletics Stadium is a former minor league baseball stadium located in Tulsa , Oklahoma . The stadium was known as Drillers Stadium until early 2014 when it adopted its current name . From 1981 to 2009 , Drillers Stadium was home to the Tulsa Drillers , of the Double-A Texas League . For a number of years Drillers Stadium also hosted one of the regular season baseball games played between Oklahoma State University and the University of Oklahoma in the Bedlam Series . The Bedlam Series refers to the athletics rivalry between the University of Oklahoma Sooners and the Oklahoma State University Cowboys of the Big 12 Conference . Both schools were also members of the Big 8 Conference before the formation of the Big 12 Conference in 1996 , and both were divisional rivals in the Big 12 South Division prior to 2011 .
Renáta Tomanová ( born 9 December 1954 ) is a former professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia . Larisa Savchenko-Neiland ( née Savchenko ; born 21 July 1966 ) is a former professional tennis player who represented the Soviet Union and Latvia . A former world number one ranked doubles player , Neiland won two women 's doubles Grand Slam titles and four mixed doubles Grand Slam titles . She also won two singles titles and sixty-five doubles titles .
The Swedish Higher Education Act is the Swedish law governing higher education in Sweden . Around 80 % of the funding for higher education in Sweden is provided by the government . The Swedish higher education system is a part of the Bologna Process . The Bologna Process is a series of ministerial meetings and agreements between European countries to ensure comparability in the standards and quality of higher-education qualifications . The process has created the European Higher Education Area under the Lisbon Recognition Convention . It is named after the University of Bologna , where the Bologna declaration was signed by education ministers from 29 European countries in 1999 . The process was opened to other countries in the European Cultural Convention of the Council of Europe , and governmental meetings have been held in Prague ( 2001 ) , Berlin ( 2003 ) , Bergen ( 2005 ) , London ( 2007 ) and Leuven ( 2009 ) .
Tristan und Isolde ( "Tristan and Isolde" , or "Tristan and Isolda" , or "Tristran and Ysolt" ) is an opera , or music drama , in three acts by Richard Wagner to a German libretto by the composer , based largely on the romance by Gottfried von Strassburg . It was composed between 1857 and 1859 and premiered at the Königliches Hof- und Nationaltheater in Munich on 10 June 1865 with Hans von Bülow conducting . Wagner referred to the work not as an opera , but called it "eine Handlung" ( literally "a drama" , "a plot" or "an action" ) , which was the equivalent of the term used by the Spanish playwright Calderón for his dramas . Ariane et Barbe-bleue ( "Ariadne and Bluebeard" ) is an opera in three acts by Paul Dukas . The French libretto is adapted ( with very few changes ) from the symbolist play of the same name by Maurice Maeterlinck , itself loosely based on the French literary tale "La Barbe bleue" by Charles Perrault .
A world war , as it is commonly understood , is a large-scale war involving many of the countries of the world or many of the most powerful and populous ones . World wars span multiple countries on multiple continents , with battles fought in many theaters . While a variety of global conflicts have been subjectively deemed "world wars" , such as the Cold War and the War on Terror , the term is widely and generally accepted only as it is retrospectively applied to two major international conflicts that occurred during the 20th century : World War I ( 1914–1918 ) and World War II ( 1939–1945 ) . The 7.92×57mm Mauser ( designated as the 8mm Mauser or 8×57mm by the SAAMI and 8 × 57 IS by the C.I.P . ) is a rimless bottlenecked rifle cartridge . The 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge was adopted by the German Empire in 1903/1905 , and was the German service cartridge in both World Wars . In its day , the 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge was one of the world ’ s most popular military cartridges . In the 21st century it is still a popular sport and hunting cartridge that is factory-produced in Europe and the United States .
Hungry Hungry Hippos is a tabletop game made for 2–4 players , produced by Hasbro , under the brand of its subsidiary , Milton Bradley . The idea for the game was published in 1967 by toy inventor Fred Kroll and it was introduced in 1978 . The objective of the game is for each player to collect as many marbles as possible with their 'hippo ' ( a toy hippo model ) . The game is marketed under the "Elefun and Friends" banner , along with "Elefun" , "Mouse Trap" and "Gator Golf" . The game was referenced in the 2010 Disney Pixar movie , "Toy Story 3" and the 2001 cult film "Donnie Darko" . There is also a battle level based on the game in the 2016 Micro Machines game . Parcheesi is a brand-name American adaptation of the Indian cross and circle board game Pachisi , published by Parker Brothers and Winning Moves .
Roxie Hart , also known as Chicago or Chicago Gal , is a 1942 American comedy film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Ginger Rogers , Adolphe Menjou , George Montgomery , Nigel Bruce , Phil Silvers , William Frawley and Spring Byington . The film is an adaptation of the 1926 play "Chicago" by Maurine Dallas Watkins , a journalist who had found her inspiration in two real-life Chicago trials she had covered for the press . The play had already been adapted once before , as the 1927 silent movie "Chicago" , and it would later be adapted as the 1975 musical "Chicago" , which in turn was adapted as the 2002 film "Chicago" . Phil Silvers ( May 11 , 1911 – November 1 , 1985 ) was an American entertainer and comedic actor , known as "The King of Chutzpah" . He is best known for starring in "The Phil Silvers Show" , a 1950s sitcom set on a U.S. Army post in which he played Master Sergeant Ernest ( Ernie ) Bilko .
Yasujirō Ozu ( 小津 安二郎 , Ozu Yasujirō , 12 December 1903 – 12 December 1963 ) was a Japanese film director and screenwriter . He began his career during the era of silent films . Ozu first made a number of short comedies , before turning to more serious themes in the 1930s . Bent Hamer ( born 18 December 1956 ) is a film director , writer and producer , born in Sandefjord , Norway in 1956 .
The Atari Assembler Editor is a cartridge-based development system used to edit , assemble , and debug 6502 programs for the Atari 8-bit family of home computers . It was programmed by Kathleen O'Brien of Shepardson Microsystems . It was the first commercially available assembler for the Atari 8-bit computers . Shepardson Microsystems , Inc. ( SMI ) was a small company producing operating systems and programming languages for the Atari 8-bit and Apple II computer families . SMI is most noted for authoring Atari 's BASIC and Disk Operating System ( DOS ) products .
Chicago Rockford International Airport ( IATA : RFD , ICAO : KRFD , FAA LID : RFD ) , is an international airport located in Winnebago County , Illinois . It is located four miles ( 6 km ) south of the city center of Rockford and 85 miles northwest of Chicago . Established in 1946 , Chicago-Rockford International Airport is the busiest airport in Northern Illinois ( with the exception of Chicago O'Hare and Chicago Midway ) . In 2016 , the airport served nearly 102,000 passengers . McClellan–Palomar Airport ( Palomar Airport ) ( IATA : CLD , ICAO : KCRQ , FAA LID : CRQ ) is a public airport three miles ( 5 km ) southeast of Carlsbad in San Diego County , California . It is owned by the County of San Diego . The airport is used for both general aviation and commercial aviation . In March 2013 the airport was the fourth-busiest single runway airport in the United States . In August 2017 , the airport announced a new commercial airline Cal Jet , would start operating flights in September 2017 .
The Goo Goo Dolls are an American rock band formed in 1985 in Buffalo , New York , by vocalist and guitarist John Rzeznik , vocalist and bassist Robby Takac , and drummer George Tutuska . Mike Malinin was the band 's drummer from January 1995 until December 27 , 2013 ( but not made an official member until 1998 ) . Although renowned for their commercially successful 1998 single "Iris" , they have had several other notable and popular singles including "Name" and "Naked" from 1995 's "A Boy Named Goo" . "Slide" , "Black Balloon" , "Dizzy" , and "Broadway" from 1998 's "Dizzy Up the Girl" , "Here Is Gone" from 2002 's "Gutterflower" , "Better Days" , "Give a Little Bit" , and "Stay with You" from 2006 's "Let Love In" ( although "Give A Little Bit" was originally released on the 2004 live CD/DVD album "" ) , and "Home" from 2010 's "Something for the Rest of Us" . The Goo Goo Dolls have had 19 top ten singles on various charts , and have sold more than 12 million albums worldwide . Echosmith is an American , Corporate indie pop band formed in February 2009 in Chino , California . Originally formed as a quartet of siblings , the band currently consists of Sydney , Noah and Graham Sierota , following the departure of eldest sibling Jamie in late 2016 . Echosmith started first as "Ready Set Go !" until they signed to Warner Bros. Records in May 2012 . They are best known for their hit song "Cool Kids" , which reached number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified double platinum by the RIAA with over 1,200,000 sales in the United States and also double platinum by ARIA in Australia . The song was Warner Bros. Records ' fifth-biggest-selling-digital song of 2014 , with 1.3 million downloads sold . The band 's debut album , "Talking Dreams" , was released on October 8 , 2013 .
The Krachi West District is one of the twenty-five ( 25 ) districts in the Volta Region . Krachi West district capital and administrative centre is Kete Krachi . Kete Krachi is a town in the Krachi West District of the Volta Region of Ghana . Kete Krachi is the capital of the Krachi West District . It is in the West of the Volta region , and is adjacent to Lake Volta . Kete Krachi is connected by a ferry to the town of Kwadjokrom , and by road to Bimbila and Dambai . The town is also known for the Kete Krachi Secondary Technology . The school is a second cycle institution . Kete Krachi is the seventy-second most populous settlement in Ghana , in terms of population , with a population of 11,788 people .
Gabriel Eduardo "Gabe" Saporta ( born October 11 , 1979 ) is an Uruguayan-American musician and entrepreneur . Through late 2015 , he was a singer and the primary creative force behind the electronic pop group Cobra Starship . On November 10 , 2015 , after nearly ten years and two Billboard Hot 100 top 10 hits , Saporta announced that the band would stop its work , and that he would be focusing on helping other musicians through his new venture , The Artist Group . Prior to Cobra Starship , Saporta had been the lead singer , bassist , and lyricist for the punk band Midtown . John S. Hall ( born John Charles Hall September 2 , 1960 ) is an American poet , author , singer and lawyer perhaps best known for his work with King Missile , an avant-garde band that he co-founded in 1986 and has since led in various incarnations .
Tom Hewitt ( born c. 1957 ) is an American actor and Broadway stage performer , and a native of Victor , Montana . Victor is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Ravalli County , Montana , United States . The population was 745 at the 2010 census .
Tara Kristen Lipinski ( born June 10 , 1982 ) is an American figure skater , actress , and sports commentator . A former competitor in ladies ' singles , she is the 1998 Olympic champion , the 1997 World champion , a two-time Champions Series Final champion ( 1997–1998 ) , and the 1997 U.S. national champion . She is the youngest person—by 32 days—ever to win a World Figure Skating title , doing so at the age of 14 years , 9 months and 10 days , and the youngest Olympic gold medalist in the individual ladies ' singles event , having won in Nagano , Japan , on February 20 , 1998 , at the age of 15 years , 8 months , and 10 days . Richard Callaghan is an American figure skating coach . He is best known as the long-time coach of Todd Eldredge , the 1996 World champion and a six-time U.S. national champion . He also coached Nicole Bobek to her national title , and Tara Lipinski to Olympic , World , and national titles .
Ronald Wilson Reagan ( ; February 6 , 1911 – June 5 , 2004 ) was an American statesman and actor who served as the 40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989 . Before his presidency , he was the 33rd Governor of California , from 1967 to 1975 , after a career as a Hollywood actor and union leader . Walt Zeboski ( died 12 November 2012 ) , was an American photographer and photojournalist for the Associated Press for more than thirty years . Zeboski extensively photographed Ronald Reagan during his 1980 presidential campaign , snapping some of the most iconic pictures of Reagan 's campaign . Zeboski , who often focused on California politics , covered the political terms of four consecutive Governors of California from the 1960s to the 1980s - Pat Brown , Ronald Reagan , Jerry Brown and George Deukmejian .
Chad ( ; Arabic : تشاد‎ ‎ "Tshād "; French : "Tchad" ] ) , officially the Republic of Chad ( Arabic : جمهورية تشاد‎ ‎ "Jumhūrīyat Tshād "; French : "République du Tchad" "Republic of the Chad" ) , is a landlocked country in Central Africa . It is bordered by Libya to the north , Sudan to the east , the Central African Republic to the south , Cameroon and Nigeria to the southwest and Niger to the west . It is the fifth largest country in Africa in terms of area . The Central African Republic is a landlocked nation within the interior of the African continent . It is bordered by the countries of Cameroon , Chad , Sudan , South Sudan , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo . Much of the country consists of flat , or rolling plateau savanna , about 1640 ft above sea level . In the northeast are the Fertit Hills , and there are scattered hills in the southwestern part of the country . To the northwest are the Karre Mountains ( also known as Yade Massif ) , a granite plateau with an altitude of 3750 ft .
The Indian Super League ( ISL ) is a men 's professional football league in India . For sponsorship reasons , the league is officially known as the Hero Indian Super League . One of the top football leagues in the country , it currently shares the top spot in the Indian football league system with the I-League . The league comprises 10 teams and will run for five months from November to March starting with the 2017–18 season . Nicolau Colaco ( born 16 May 1984 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for FC Goa in the Indian Super League , on loan from I-League club Salgaocar .
Dr Michael Adrian Stroud , OBE , FRCP ( born 17 April 1955 ) is an expert on human health under extreme conditions . He became widely known when he partnered Ranulph Fiennes on polar expeditions . Sir Ranulph Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes , 3rd Baronet , OBE ( born 7 March 1944 ) , commonly known as Ranulph "Ran" Fiennes ( ) , is a British explorer and holder of several endurance records . He is also a prolific writer and poet .
Annie Ida Jenny Noë Haesendonck ( born 13 April 1959 ) is a Belgian football coach and former international goalkeeper . She won 59 caps for the Belgium women 's national football team between 1979 and 1994 . When playing for the women 's national team , Noë had to wear Jean-Marie Pfaff 's old shirts . She stopped playing when she was 35 years old , then became a coach with the Royal Belgian Football Association . In 1999 she was appointed head coach of the national team . Jean-Marie Pfaff ( born 4 December 1953 in Lebbeke ) is a Belgian former football goalkeeper who spent most of his professional career with Beveren and Bayern Munich . Pfaff was capped 64 times playing for Belgium , and participated at the 1982 FIFA World Cup and 1986 FIFA World Cup tournaments .
Cimicifuga ( bugbane or cohosh ) was a genus of between 12-18 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Ranunculaceae , native to temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere . Crocosmia ( ; J. E. Planchon , 1851 ) ( montbretia ) is a small genus of flowering plants in the iris family , Iridaceae . It is native to the grasslands of southern and eastern Africa , ranging from South Africa to Sudan . One species is endemic to Madagascar .
A fake field goal is a trick play in American football . Simply , it involves a running or passing play done out of a kick formation . Usually the holder ( often the punter or backup quarterback on most teams ) will throw or run . Danny White was both quarterback and punter for the Dallas Cowboys in the 1980s and often executed this play . Less frequently , the placekicker , who virtually never handles the ball in an American football game , will serve as the passer or rusher on a fake field goal . Examples include then-New England kicker Adam Vinatieri receiving a direct snap and throwing a touchdown pass during an NFL game in 2004 , and LSU kicker Colt David rushing for a 15-yard touchdown in 2007 after receiving the ball on a blind lateral from holder ( and starting QB ) Matt Flynn . Wilford Daniel "Danny" White ( born February 9 , 1952 ) is a former quarterback and punter for the Dallas Cowboys and an American football coach in the Arena Football League . He has been the color commentator for Cowboys games on Compass Media Networks ' America 's Team Radio Network since the 2011 season . He played college football at Arizona State University .
Scott Treleaven is a Canadian artist whose work employs a variety of media including collage , film , video , drawing , photography and installation . Edmund Mortimer ( 21 August 1874 – 21 May 1944 ) was an American actor and film director . He appeared in 251 films between 1913 and 1945 . He also directed 23 films between 1918 and 1928 . He was born in New York , New York and died in Los Angeles , California .
The End of America is a 2008 documentary film directed by Annie Sundberg and Ricki Stern , adapted from Naomi Wolf 's 2007 book , "" . The film analyzes policy changes made during the Bush Administration , and makes the case that these changes threaten American democracy . Triumph of the Will ( German : Triumph des Willens ) is a 1935 German propaganda film directed , produced , edited , and co-written by Leni Riefenstahl . It chronicles the 1934 Nazi Party Congress in Nuremberg , which was attended by more than 700,000 Nazi supporters . The film contains excerpts from speeches given by Nazi leaders at the Congress , including Adolf Hitler , Rudolf Hess and Julius Streicher , interspersed with footage of massed Sturmabteilung ( SA ) and Schutzstaffel ( SS ) troops and public reaction . Hitler commissioned the film and served as an unofficial executive producer ; his name appears in the opening titles . The film 's overriding theme is the return of Germany as a great power , with Hitler as the leader who will bring glory to the nation . Because the film was made after the 1934 Night of the Long Knives ( on 30 June ) many prominent Sturmabteilung ( SA ) members are absent—they were murdered in that Party purge , organised and orchestrated by Hitler to replace the SA with the Schutzstaffel ( SS ) as his main paramilitary force .
Michael Polcino is an animation director on "The Simpsons" . His brother , Dominic Polcino , is a former "Simpsons" director and currently works on "Family Guy" . Family Guy is an American animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company . The series centers on the Griffins , a family consisting of parents Peter and Lois ; their children , Meg , Chris , and Stewie ; and their anthropomorphic pet dog , Brian . The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog , Rhode Island , and exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture .
Nikolai Alexandrovich Morozov ( Russian : Николай Александрович Морозов ; born 17 December 1975 ) is a Russian figure skating coach and choreographer . He coached Shizuka Arakawa to the 2006 Olympic gold medal and Miki Ando to two World titles . He is a former competitive ice dancer who appeared with Tatiana Navka for Belarus at the 1998 Winter Olympics , placing 16th , and at the 1998 World Championships , placing 10th . Earlier in his career , he competed with Olga Pershankova for Azerbaijan and with Ekaterina Gvozdkova for Russia . Olga Pershankova ( Russian : Ольга Першанкова ; born 18 January 1972 ) is a Russian ice dancer . Competing with Peter Tchernyshev for Russia , she won the silver medal at the 1992 Karl Schäfer Memorial ( Vienna Cup ) . The following season , she teamed up with Nikolai Morozov to compete for Azerbaijan . The two won the 1993 Golden Spin of Zagreb and competed at the 1994 World Championships and European Championships .
The 1st World Outgames took place in Montreal , Quebec , Canada from July 26 , 2006 to August 5 , 2006 . The international conference was held from July 26 to the 29 . The sporting events were held from July 29 to August 5 . The Declaration of Montreal on Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender Human Rights is a document adopted in Montreal , Quebec , Canada , on July 29 , 2006 , by the International Conference on LGBT Human Rights which formed part of the first World Outgames . The Declaration outlines a number of rights and freedoms pertaining to LGBT and intersex people that it is proposed be universally guaranteed . It encompasses all aspects of human rights , from the guarantee of fundamental freedoms to the prevention of discrimination against LGBT people in healthcare , education and immigration . The Declaration also addresses various issues that impinge on the global promotion of LGBT rights and intersex human rights . Intended as a starting point in listing the demands of the international LGBT movement , it will ultimately be submitted to the United Nations .
Luigi Aloisio Galvani ( ; ] ; Latin : "Aloysius Galvanus" ; 9 September 1737 – 4 December 1798 ) was an Italian physician , physicist , biologist and philosopher , who discovered animal electricity . He is recognized as the pioneer of bioelectromagnetics . In 1780 , he discovered that the muscles of dead frogs ' legs twitched when struck by an electrical spark . This was one of the first forays into the study of bioelectricity , a field that still studies the electrical patterns and signals from tissues such as the nerves and muscles . Eusebio Valli ( 1755–1816 ) was a physician from Lari , Pisa , Italy , who in the shadows of Luigi Galvani and Alessandro Volta also studied the phenomenon of "animal electricity" or bioelectricity .
Crazy Love is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Dan Klores and Fisher Stevens . The screenplay by Klores , who also wrote Boys of 2nd Street Park explores the troubled relationship between New York City attorney Burt Pugach and his ten-years-younger girlfriend Linda Riss , who was blinded and permanently scarred when thugs hired by Pugach threw lye in her face . Welcome to Nollywood is a 2007 documentary film directed by Jamie Meltzer , which premiered at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival , and also played at the Avignon Film Festival and the Melbourne International Film Festival in the summer of 2007 .
Olivier Assayas ( born 25 January 1955 ) is a French film director , screenwriter and film critic . Frank William George Lloyd ( 2 February 1886 – 10 August 1960 ) was an American film director , scriptwriter and producer . He was among the founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , and was its president from 1934-35 .
Peter Gifford ( born 5 April 1955 ) , sometimes known as "Giffo ," is an Australian musician . From 1980 until 1987 he played bass guitar , Chapman Stick and sang backing vocals for Australian rock band Midnight Oil . His last recorded work with the oils was diesel and dust . he did not tour this album and Bones Hillman was recruited to play bass and fill the hole in what was a raucous rhythm section ( Bones remains the oils base man still ) . Midnight Oil ( also known informally as "The Oils" to fans ) are an Australian rock band , who originally performed as Farm from 1972 with drummer Rob Hirst , bass guitarist Andrew James and keyboard player/lead guitarist Jim Moginie . While vocalist Peter Garrett was studying at Australian National University in Canberra , he answered an advertisement for a spot in Farm , and by 1975 the band was touring the east coast of Australia . By late 1976 , Garrett moved to Sydney to complete his law degree , and Farm changed its name to Midnight Oil by drawing the name out of a hat .
Point Break is a 1991 American action crime thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow , starring Patrick Swayze , Keanu Reeves , Lori Petty and Gary Busey . The title refers to the surfing term "point break ," where a wave breaks as it hits a point of land jutting out from the coastline . Reeves stars as rookie FBI agent Johnny Utah , who is investigating a string of bank robberies possibly being committed by surfers . Johnny goes undercover to infiltrate the surfing community and develops a complex friendship with Bodhi ( Swayze ) , the charismatic leader of a gang of surfers . Last Days is a 2014 animated short documentary film about the decline of African elephant populations and the illegal ivory trade . Director Kathryn Bigelow 's other films include "The Hurt Locker" ( 2009 ) , "Point Break" ( 1991 ) , and "Zero Dark Thirty" ( 2012 ) . The film makes the claim that terrorist networks derive much of their income from poached ivory . Featured in the film is footage of the 2013 Westgate shopping mall attack in Nairobi , Kenya , which has been attributed to militant organization Al-Shabaab .
Mashu , as described in the Epic of Gilgamesh of Mesopotamian mythology , is a great cedar mountain through which the hero-king Gilgamesh passes via a tunnel on his journey to Dilmun after leaving the Cedar Forest , a forest of ten thousand leagues span . Siduri , the Alewife , lived on the shore , associated with "the Waters of Death" that Gilgamesh had to cross to reach Utnapishtim , the far-away . Siduri is a character in the Epic of Gilgamesh . She is an "alewife" , a wise female divinity associated with fermentation ( specifically beer and wine ) .
Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport ( IATA : BRD , ICAO : KBRD , FAA LID : BRD ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Brainerd , a city in Crow Wing County , Minnesota , United States . The airport is owned by the city and county . It is mostly used for general aviation but is also served by one commercial airline . Sawyer International Airport ( IATA : MQT , ICAO : KSAW , FAA LID : SAW ) is a county owned public use airport in Marquette County , Michigan , United States . It is located 17 nmi south of the central business district of the city of Marquette . It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 , in which it is categorized as a non-hub primary commercial service facility .
St. Petersburg is a city in Pinellas County , Florida , United States . As of the 2015 census estimate , the population was 257,083 , making it the fifth-most populous city in Florida and the largest in the state that is not a county seat ( the city of Clearwater is the seat of Pinellas County ) . John Constantine Williams , Sr. ( died 1892 ) was the cofounder of St. Petersburg , Florida . Williams Park is named for him .
The Scandinavian Collectors Club is a United States-based philatelic society dedicated to the collection and study of the postage stamps and postal history of the Scandinavia region , including the geographical regions of Åland , Aunus , the Danish West Indies , Denmark , the Faroes , Finland , Greenland , Iceland , Karelia , North Ingermanland , Norway , Slesvig , and Sweden . The Danish West Indies ( Danish : "Dansk Vestindien" ) or Danish Antilles was a Danish colony in the Caribbean , consisting of the islands of Saint Thomas with 32 sqmi ; Saint John with 19 sqmi ; and Saint Croix with 84 sqmi . The Danish West India Guinea Company annexed the uninhabited island of Saint Thomas
Church of St Peter is a Grade I listed church in Pertenhall , Bedfordshire , England . It became a listed building on 13 July 1964 . A listed building or listed structure , in the United Kingdom , is one that has been placed on the Statutory List of Buildings of Special Architectural or Historic Interest .
Discwoman is a New York based collective , booking agency , and event platform representing and showcasing female-identified ( cis women , transwomen , and gender queer ) talent in the electronic music community . It was founded in 2014 by Frankie Decaiza Hutchinson who does the outreach for the agency dealing with Public Relations and social media , Emma Burgess-Olson ( a.k.a . UMFANG ) as the resident DJ , and Christine McCharen-Tran who is the event producer and business powerhouse . Discwoman 's regular club nights and touring events highlight emerging and established artists from around the world . Music produced by world-renowned female artists include The Black Madonna , Nicole Moudaber , Star Eyes , Sandunes , Demian Licht , and Nina Sonik whom have contributed to the electronic music culture . The gender imbalance in EDM ( electronic dance music ) is self-evident showing women making up to ~10.8 % of artists in electronic music festivals . In a 2015 report by , it is stated that men comprised 82 % of 44 international festivals ’ lineups . Discwoman gives feminine-identified talent the platform and more visibility by booking them at bigger venues , streamlining the growth process , and ensuring the artists they are paid what they are worth in a male-dominated dance music industry . Genderqueer ( GQ ) , also termed non-binary ( NB ) , is a catch-all category for gender identities that are not exclusively masculine or feminineidentities which are thus outside the gender binary and cisnormativity . Genderqueer people may express a combination of masculinity and femininity , or neither , in their gender expression .
Ronkonkoma is a major railroad station and transportation hub along the Main Line of the Long Island Rail Road in Ronkonkoma , New York . The station is the eastern terminus of the Ronkonkoma Branch and the western terminus of the out Branch . Ronkonkoma ( ) is a hamlet and census-designated place ( CDP ) on Long Island in the Town of Islip , New York , United States . The population of the CDP was 19,082 at the 2010 census .
Red Herring is a media company that publishes an innovation magazine , an online daily technology news service , technology newsletters and hosts events for technology leaders . GameFan ( originally known as Diehard GameFan ) was a publication started by Tim Lindquist and Dave Halverson in September 1992 that provided coverage of domestic and import video games . It was notable for its extensive use of game screenshots in page design because of the lack of good screen shots in other U.S. publications at the time . The original magazine ceased publishing in December 2000 . On April 2010 , Halverson relaunched GameFan as a hybrid video game/film magazine . However , this relaunch was short-lived and suffered from many internal conflicts , advertising revenue being the main one .
Columbia Falls ( Salish : nq̓éyɫkʷm ) is a city in Flathead County , Montana , United States . The population was 4,688 at the 2010 census . KHNK ( 95.9 FM , ( Nash Icon ) is a commercial radio station in Columbia Falls , Montana , broadcasting to the Kalispell-Flathead Valley , Montana , area . KHNK airs a country music format .
Management consulting is the practice of helping organizations to improve their performance , operating primarily through the analysis of existing organizational problems and the development of plans for improvement . Organizations may draw upon the services of management consultants for a number of reasons , including gaining external ( and presumably objective ) advice and access to the consultants ' specialized expertise . Eenasul Fateh ( Bengali : ঈনাসুল ফাতেহ ; born 3 April 1959 ) , also known by his stage name Aladin , is a Bangladeshi-British cultural practitioner , magician , live artist and former international management consultant .
Learjet is a Canadian owned , American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military use based in Wichita , Kansas . Founded in the late 1950s by William Powell Lear as Swiss American Aviation Corporation , it has been a subsidiary of Canadian Bombardier Aerospace since 1990 , which markets it as the "Bombardier Learjet Family" . William Powell "Bill" Lear ( June 26 , 1902 – May 14 , 1978 ) was an American inventor and businessman . He is best known for founding the Lear Jet Corporation , a manufacturer of business jets . He also invented the battery eliminator for the B battery , and developed the 8-track cartridge , an audio tape system . Throughout his career of 46 years , Lear received over 120 patents .
Hot Rod is a monthly American car magazine devoted to hot rodding , drag racing , and muscle cars — modifying automobiles for performance and appearance . The Memory of Our People is a magazine published in the Argentine city of Rosario , a province of Santa Fe . The magazine was founded in 2004 . Its original title in Spanish is "La Memoria de Nuestro Pueblo" .
Victor Koman ( born 1954 ) is an American science fiction and fantasy writer and agorist . A three time winner of the Prometheus Award , Koman is mainly popular in the libertarian community . He is the owner of the publishing house KoPubCo . His Ph.D. in Information Technology was conferred by Capella University in 2016 . He also possesses a BSIS ( with honors , "summa cum laude" ) from University of Redlands ( 2001 ) and an MBA from Pepperdine University ( 2004 ) . Capella University is a for-profit institution of higher learning in Minneapolis , Minnesota . The school is owned by the publicly traded Capella Education Company and delivers most of its education online .
Kevin Spacey Fowler , KBE ( born July 26 , 1959 ) is an American actor , film director , producer , screenwriter , and singer . He began his career as a stage actor during the 1980s before obtaining supporting roles in film and television . He gained critical acclaim in the early 1990s that culminated in his first Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the neo-noir crime thriller "The Usual Suspects" ( 1995 ) , and an Academy Award for Best Actor for midlife crisis-themed drama "American Beauty" ( 1999 ) . Dana Brunetti ( born June 11 , 1973 ) is an American film producer and social networking entrepreneur . He is the president of Kevin Spacey 's production company , Trigger Street Productions . In 2016 , he became the president of Relativity Media with Kevin Spacey taking on a chairman position .
La clemenza di Tito ( English : "The Clemency of Titus" ) , K. 621 , is an "opera seria" in two acts composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to an Italian libretto by Caterino Mazzolà , after Metastasio . It was started after the bulk of "Die Zauberflöte "( "The Magic Flute" ) , the last opera that Mozart worked on , was already written . The work premiered on 6 September 1791 at the Estates Theatre in Prague . Heidi Brunner ( born 1966 ) is a Swiss opera singer . She began her career as a mezzo-soprano at the Anhaltisches Theater in Dessau in 1993 . After making appearances at the opera houses in Basel , Innsbruck , and Biel , she was a member of both the Vienna State Opera and Vienna Volksoper from 1996 to 1999 . Among the roles she sang in Vienna were Adalgisa in "Norma" , Annio in "La clemenza di Tito" , and the title role in "La Cenerentola" . She then sang as a guest artist with theatres throughout Europe , including making appearances at the Bavarian State Opera , the Grand Théâtre de Genève , the Komische Oper Berlin , the Liceu , and the Salzburg Festival . In the 2004-2005 season she began performing roles from the soprano repertoire , beginning with a performance of Franz Schreker 's "Irrelohe" .
Ip Man 3 is a 2015 Hong Kong biographical martial arts film directed by Wilson Yip , produced by Raymond Wong and written by Edmond Wong with action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping . It is the third in the "Ip Man" film series based on the life of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man and features Donnie Yen reprising the title role . The film also stars Mike Tyson , and Yip Man 's pupil Bruce Lee is portrayed by Danny Chan . Principal photography commenced in March 2015 and ended in June that year . Ip Man is a series of Hong Kong biographical martial arts films starting with "Ip Man" in 2008 and followed by two sequels – "Ip Man 2" ( 2010 ) and "Ip Man 3" ( 2015 ) . All three films are directed by Wilson Yip , written by Edmond Wong , produced by Raymond Wong and star Donnie Yen . Mandarin Films released the first two films in Hong Kong , which earned more than $ 37 million with a budget of around $ 24.6 million . The films are based on the life events of the Wing Chun master of the same name . Donnie Yen has mentioned each film has a unique theme , that the first "Ip Man" film was about "Survival" , "Ip Man 2" focuses on "Making a Living and Adaptation" , while "Ip Man 3" focuses on "Life" itself .
K. S. Babu is a theoretical physicist , regents professor and interim head of the Department of Physics at Oklahoma State University . He received his PhD in 1986 from the University of Hawaii , under the supervision of Ernest Ma . The University of Hawaiʻi system ( formally the University of Hawaiʻi and popularly known as U.H . ) is a public , co-educational college and university system that confers associate , bachelor 's , master 's , and doctoral degrees through three university campuses , seven community college campuses , an employment training center , three university centers , four education centers and various other research facilities distributed across six islands throughout the State of Hawaii in the United States . All schools of the University of Hawaii system are accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges . The U.H . system 's main administrative offices are located on the property of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa in Honolulu CDP .
James Edwin Tracy ( born December 31 , 1955 ) is a former professional baseball manager and player . He has managed the Los Angeles Dodgers , Pittsburgh Pirates , and Colorado Rockies . Tracy was named Manager of the Year in 2009 , only the second manager to win the award after being hired mid-season , joining Jack McKeon for the Florida Marlins . The Miami Marlins are an American professional baseball team based in Miami , Florida . The Marlins compete in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) as a member club of the National League ( NL ) East division . Their home park is Marlins Park . Though one of only two MLB franchises to have never won a division title ( the other is the Colorado Rockies ) , the Marlins have won two World Series championships as a wild card team .
Miss America 2013 , the 86th Miss America pageant , was held at the PH Live on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada on January 12 , 2013 . It was the last one to take place in Las Vegas . "America 's Choice" winner , Alexis Wineman ( Miss Montana 2012 ) was the pageant 's first autistic contestant . The 2013 winner Mallory Hagan ( Miss New York 2012 ) was crowned by Miss America 2012 Laura Kaeppeler . Hagan served for only nine months as the pageant moved back to its former broadcast slot in September 2014 . Mallory Hytes Hagan ( born December 23 , 1988 ) is an American actress , model and beauty queen who won Miss America 2013 and Miss New York 2012 . She was also Miss New York City 2012 , Miss Manhattan 2011 , Miss Brooklyn 2010 , and a two-time Miss New York first runner-up . She is a native of Opelika , Alabama , where she had been runner-up in the Miss Alabama 's Outstanding Teen Program , and a non-finalist talent winner at Miss Alabama . She won the Miss America competition on a platform of child sexual abuse awareness and prevention . She also gave a response on the issue of gun control in which she opposed fighting violence with violence . She moved to New York after her first year of college at Auburn University , which is a major university near her hometown of Opelika , Alabama .
Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor , 7th Duke of Westminster ( born 29 January 1991 ) , styled as Earl Grosvenor until August 2016 , is a British aristocrat , billionaire , businessman and landowner . He is the third child and only son of Gerald Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster and his wife Natalia Phillips Grosvenor , Duchess of Westminster . He inherited the title of Duke of Westminster on 9 August 2016 , on the death of his father . The duke is estimated to be worth US $ 13 billion , making him the world 's richest person aged under 30 . Major General Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster , ( 22 December 1951 – 9 August 2016 ) was a British landowner , businessman , philanthropist , Territorial Army general and hereditary peer . He was the son of Robert George Grosvenor , 5th Duke of Westminster and Viola Grosvenor . He was Chairman of the property company Grosvenor Group . He is succeeded by his son , Hugh Grosvenor , 7th Duke of Westminster .
Per Mertesacker ( ] ; born 29 September 1984 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Premier League club Arsenal . He also played for the Germany national team but retired in August 2014 after winning the World Cup . Mertesacker is a youth product of Hannover 96 and he made his senior league debut in November 2003 . He was soon dubbed "the Defence Pole" ( "" die Abwehrlatte"" ) by German tabloids and gained a reputation for his good disciplinary record , going 31 Bundesliga games without being booked . Since joining Arsenal , their fans have nicknamed him "the BFG" , which is short for "Big Fucking German" and an allusion to Roald Dahl 's "The BFG" due to his height . He has been described as an imposing , reliable , dominant and an accomplished defender . The BFG ( short for "Big Friendly Giant" ) is a 1982 children 's book written by British novelist Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake . It is an expansion of a short story from Dahl 's 1975 book "Danny , the Champion of the World" . The book is dedicated to Dahl 's late daughter , Olivia , who died of measles encephalitis at the age of seven in 1962 . As of 2009 , the novel has sold 37 million copies in UK editions alone .
Mount Diablo Unified School District ( MDUSD ) is a public school district in Contra Costa County , California . It currently operates 29 elementary schools , 10 middle schools , and five high schools , with 7 alternative school programs and an adult education program . MDUSD is one of the largest school districts in the state of California , with over 56 school sites and a budget of approximately $ 270,000,000 . The district has over 36,000 K-12 students , over 20,000 adult education students , and over 3,500 employees , including over 2,000 certificated educators . The district covers 150 sqmi , including the cities of Concord and Clayton ; as well as most of Pleasant Hill and portions of Walnut Creek , Pittsburg , Lafayette , and Martinez ; and unincorporated areas , including Pacheco , Clyde , and Bay Point . Concord ( ) is the largest city in Contra Costa County , California . At the 2010 census , the city had a population of 122,067 making it the 8th largest city in the San Francisco Bay Area . Founded in 1869 as the community of Todos Santos by Salvio Pacheco , the name was changed to Concord within months . The city is a major regional suburban East Bay center within the San Francisco Bay Area , and is 29 mi east of San Francisco .
The American Indian Movement ( AIM ) is an American Indian advocacy group in the United States , founded in July 1968 in Minneapolis , Minnesota . AIM was initially formed to address American Indian sovereignty , treaty issues , spirituality , and leadership , while simultaneously addressing incidents of police harassment and racism against Native Americans forced to move away from reservations and tribal culture by the 1950s-era enforcement of the U.S. federal government-enforced Indian Termination Policies originally created in the 1930s . "As independent citizens and taxpayers , without good education or experience , most 'terminated ' Indians were reduced within a few years to widespread illness and utter poverty , whether or not they were relocated to cities ," from the reservations . The various specific issues concerning Native American urban communities like the one in Minneapolis ( disparagingly labeled "red ghettos" ) include unusually high unemployment levels , overt and covert racism , police harassment and neglect , epidemic drug abuse ( mainly alcoholism ) , crushing poverty , domestic violence and substandard housing . AIM 's paramount objective is to create "real economic independence for the Indians ." Arlo Looking Cloud was a Native American activist . He is perhaps best known for his involvement with the murder of fellow American Indian Movement activist Anna Mae Aquash .
The Continental Baths was a gay bathhouse in the basement of The Ansonia Hotel in New York City which was opened in 1968 by Steve Ostrow . It was advertised as reminiscent of "the glory of ancient Rome" . The documentary film "Continental" , by Malcolm Ingram , covers the height of the club 's popularity through the early 1970s . The Ansonia is a building on the Upper West Side of New York City , located at 2109 Broadway , between West 73rd and West 74th Streets . It was originally built as a residential hotel by William Earle Dodge Stokes , the Phelps-Dodge copper heir and share holder in the Ansonia Clock Company , and it was named for his grandfather , the industrialist Anson Greene Phelps . In 1899 , Stokes commissioned architect Paul E. Duboy ( 1857–1907 ) to build the grandest hotel in Manhattan .
Sir George Cayley , 6th Baronet ( 27 December 1773 – 15 December 1857 ) was a prolific English engineer and is one of the most important people in the history of aeronautics . Many consider him to be the first true scientific aerial investigator and the first person to understand the underlying principles and forces of flight . A hot air engine ( historically called an air engine or caloric engine ) is any heat engine that uses the expansion and contraction of air under the influence of a temperature change to convert thermal energy into mechanical work . These engines may be based on a number of thermodynamic cycles encompassing both open cycle devices such as those of Sir George Cayley and John Ericsson and the closed cycle engine of Robert Stirling . Hot air engines are distinct from the better known internal combustion based engine and steam engine .
Tongshanjiabu ( ) is a mountain in the Himalayas . At 7,207 m tall , Tongshanjiabu is the 103rd tallest mountain in the world . It sits in the disputed border territory between Bhutan and China . Tongshanjiabu has never been officially climbed . Himalchuli is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal , part of the Nepalese Himalayas . It lies south of Manaslu , one of the Eight-thousanders . Himalchuli has three main peaks : East ( 7893 m ) , West ( 7540 m ) and North ( 7371 m ) . It is also often written as two words , "Himal Chuli" .
A bee tree is a tree in which a colony of honey bees makes its home . A colony of bees may live in a bee tree for many years . Most bee trees have a large inner hollow , often with an upper and lower entrance . Microcachrys tetragona ( Creeping Pine or Creeping Strawberry Pine ) is a species of dioecious conifer belonging to the podocarp family ( Podocarpaceae ) . It is the sole species of the genus Microcachrys . The plant is endemic to western Tasmania , where it is a low shrub growing to 1 m tall at high altitudes . Its leaves are scale-like , arranged ( unusually for the Podocarpaceae ) in opposite decussate pairs , superficially resembling those of the unrelated "Diselma archeri" ( Cupressaceae ) . It shares the common name Creeping pine with several other plants . Females produce tiny , red , edible berries in summer .
The Battle of Nanchang ( ) was a major battle between the Chinese National Revolutionary Army and the Japanese Imperial Japanese Army in the Second Sino-Japanese War . It was the first major conflict to occur following the Battle of Wuhan . The Imperial Japanese Army ( IJA ; 大日本帝國陸軍 "Dai-Nippon Teikoku Rikugun" ; "Army of the Greater Japanese Empire" ) was the official ground-based armed force of the Empire of Japan from 1868 to 1945 . It was controlled by the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff Office and the Ministry of War , both of which were nominally subordinate to the Emperor of Japan as supreme commander of the army and the navy . Later an Inspectorate General of Aviation became the third agency with oversight of the army . During wartime or national emergencies , the nominal command functions of the emperor would be centralized in an Imperial General Headquarters ( IGHQ ) , an ad-hoc body consisting of the chief and vice chief of the Army General Staff , the Minister of War , the chief and vice chief of the Naval General Staff , the Inspector General of Aviation , and the Inspector General of Military Training .
Margaret Landon ( September 7 , 1903 – December 4 , 1993 ) was an American writer best remembered for "Anna and the King of Siam" , her best-selling 1944 novel of the life of Anna Leonowens which eventually sold over a million copies and was translated into more than twenty languages . In 1950 , Landon sold the musical play rights to Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II , who created the musical "The King and I" from her book . A later work , "Never Dies the Dream" , appeared in 1949 . Constance Elaine Trimmer Willis ( born December 31 , 1945 ) , commonly known as Connie Willis , is an American science fiction and fantasy writer . She has won eleven Hugo Awards and seven Nebula Awards for particular works—more major awards than any other writer—most recently the year 's "Best Novel" Hugo and Nebula Awards for "Blackout/All Clear" ( 2010 ) . She was inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame in 2009 and the Science Fiction Writers of America named her its 28th SFWA Grand Master in 2011 .
The Indian Super League ( ISL ) is a men 's professional football league in India . For sponsorship reasons , the league is officially known as the Hero Indian Super League . One of the top football leagues in the country , it currently shares the top spot in the Indian football league system with the I-League . The league comprises 10 teams and will run for five months from November to March starting with the 2017–18 season . Abhra Mondal ( Bengali : অভ্র মন্ডল ) is an Indian footballer , who is currently playing at Bengaluru FC in Indian Super League . He plays as a Goalkeeper . Abhra Mondal helped East Bengal FC win the Federation Cup in 2009 after three tremendous saves in the penalty shoot-out .
Abbey Road is a thoroughfare in the borough of Camden and the City of Westminster in London , running roughly northwest to southeast through St. John 's Wood , near Lord 's Cricket Ground . It is part of the B507 road . This road is best known for the Abbey Road Studios and the 1969 album , "Abbey Road" , by The Beatles . McLemore Avenue is a 1970 album by Booker T. & the M.G.s , consisting entirely of mostly instrumental covers of songs from the Beatles ' album "Abbey Road" ( released only months earlier , in September 1969 ) . The title and cover are an homage to the Beatles album , 926 East McLemore Avenue being the address of the Stax Studios in Memphis , as Abbey Road was for EMI Studios in London , which was soon renamed Abbey Road Studios .
Grover Jones ( November 15 , 1893 – September 24 , 1940 ) was an American screenwriter - often teamed with William Slavens McNutt - and film director . He wrote more than 104 films between 1920 and his death . He also was a film journal publisher and prolific short story writer . Jones was born in Rosedale , Indiana , grew up in West Terre Haute , Indiana , and died in Hollywood , California . Craig James Melville is an Australian television comedy director . He is best known for his collaborations with comedians John Safran , Lawrence Leung and The Chaser .
Zuffa , LLC ( ) is an American sports promotion company specializing in mixed martial arts . It was founded in January 2001 in Las Vegas , Nevada , by Station Casinos executives Frank Fertitta III and Lorenzo Fertitta to be the parent entity of the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) after they purchased it from the Semaphore Entertainment Group . The word "Zuffa" is an Italian word ( ] ) , meaning "fight" . On July 11 , 2016 , Zuffa announced that it would be purchased by WME-IMG for the price of $ 4 billion . Brian Olsen ( born 1975 ) is an American former mixed martial artist who fought mainly in World Extreme Cagefighting . He was the last WEC Heavyweight Champion before it was abolished when Zuffa purchased the organization .
Big Ben is the nickname for the Great Bell of the clock at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London and is usually extended to refer to both the clock and the clock tower as well . The tower is officially known as Elizabeth Tower , renamed to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II in 2012 ; previously , it was known simply as the Clock Tower . Denmark Hill is an area and road in Camberwell , in the London Borough of Southwark . The road forms part of the A215 ; north of Camberwell Green it becomes Camberwell Road ; south of Red Post Hill it becomes Herne Hill . Its postcode is SE5 . Nearby streets whose names refer to different aspects of the same topographical feature include Dog Kennel Hill , Champion Hill and Red Post Hill . It marks the edge of the Thames valley plain in this area — from here to the river the land is flat . There are good views across central London from vantage points ( e.g . top storey windows ) on the top of the hill to the north and neighbouring Dulwich to the south . On a clear day one can read the time on the Big Ben clockface .
Harry Lillis "Bing" Crosby Jr. ( ; May 3 , 1903 – October 14 , 1977 ) was an American singer and actor . Crosby 's trademark warm bass-baritone voice made him the best-selling recording artist of the 20th century , having sold over one billion records , tapes , compact discs and digital downloads around the world . The Del Mar Fairgrounds is a 370 acre property that is the site of the annual San Diego County Fair ( called the Del Mar Fair from 1984 to 2001 ) . Its Del Mar racetrack was built by the Thoroughbred Club in 1937 by founding members Bing Crosby and Pat O'Brien with Paramount Studios as corporate sponsor .
Logan International Airport ( IATA : BOS , ICAO : KBOS , FAA LID : BOS ) , officially known as General Edward Lawrence Logan International Airport , is an international airport located in the East Boston neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts , United States ( and partly in the town of Winthrop , Massachusetts ) . It covers 2384 acre , has six runways and four passenger terminals , and employs an estimated 16,000 people . It is the largest airport in the New England region and 17th-busiest airport in the United States , with 33.5 million total passengers in 2015 . It is named after General Edward Lawrence Logan . In 2016 , Massport reported an 8.5 % increase in passenger traffic comparing 2015 to 2016 , giving the airport a total of about 36.3 million passengers . American Airlines Shuttle is the brand name for American Airlines ' hourly air shuttle service operating in the Northeastern United States . It serves Logan International Airport in Boston , LaGuardia Airport in New York City , and Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Washington , D.C .
Idaho Falls Regional Airport ( IATA : KIDA , ICAO : IDA ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northwest of the central business district of Idaho Falls , a city in Bonneville County , Idaho , United States . It was formerly known as Fanning Field . It is the second-busiest airport in Idaho after Boise Airport . Waco Regional Airport ( IATA : ACT , ICAO : KACT , FAA LID : ACT ) is five miles northwest of Waco , in McLennan County , Texas . It is owned by the City of Waco .
Alan Geoffrey Serle ( 10 March 1922 – 27 April 1998 ) , known as Geoff , was an Australian historian , who is best known for his books on the colony of Victoria ; "The Golden Age" ( 1963 ) and "The Rush to be Rich" ( 1971 ) and his biographies of John Monash , John Curtin and Robin Boyd . General Sir John Monash , ( ; 27 June 1865 – 8 October 1931 ) was a civil engineer and an Australian military commander of the First World War . He commanded the 13th Infantry Brigade before the war and then , shortly after its outbreak , became commander of the 4th Brigade in Egypt , with whom he took part in the Gallipoli campaign . In July 1916 he took charge of the newly raised 3rd Division in northwestern France and in May 1918 became commander of the Australian Corps , at the time the largest corps on the Western Front . The successful Allied attack at the Battle of Amiens on 8 August 1918 , which expedited the end of the war , was planned by Monash and spearheaded by British forces including the Australian and Canadian Corps under Monash and Arthur Currie . Monash is considered one of the best Allied generals of the First World War and the most famous commander in Australian history .
The College of Education is one of the undergraduate colleges at Korea University in Seoul , South Korea . It is considered to be one of the leading schools of education in the country . Seoul ( ; 서울 ; ] ) , officially the Seoul Special Metropolitan City – is the capital and largest metropolis of the Republic of Korea ( commonly known as South Korea ) . Seoul is the world 's 16th largest city , and forms the heart of the Seoul Capital Area , which includes the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province . The Seoul Capital Area houses about half of the country 's population of 51.44 million people with 678,102 international residents .
WIBW-DT2 is a primary MyNetworkTV- and secondary MeTV-affiliated television station located in Topeka , Kansas , United States . It operates as a second digital subchannel of CBS affiliate WIBW-TV ( channel 13 ) , which is owned by Gray Television . Over-the-air , it broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on VHF channel 13.2 from a transmitter located on Windy Hill Road in Maple Hill . WIBW-TV maintains studio facilities located on Commerce Place ( next to the interchange of I-70 , I-470 , US 40 , US 75 and K-4 ) in southwestern Topeka . WIBW-TV , virtual and VHF digital channel 13 , is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Topeka , Kansas , United States . The station is owned by Gray Television . WIBW-TV maintains studio facilities located on Commerce Place ( next to the interchange of I-70 , I-470 , US 40 , US 75 and K-4 ) in southwestern Topeka , and its transmitter is located on Windy Hill Road in Maple Hill . To serve portions of the market that can not adequately receive the main signal , WIBW-TV operates a digital fill-in translator in Topeka , WIBW-LD , which broadcasts on UHF channel 44 .
Jerome Storm ( November 11 , 1890 – July 10 , 1958 ) was an American film director , actor and writer . He acted in 48 films between 1914 and 1941 and directed 47 films between 1918 and 1932 . He was born in Denver , Colorado , and died in Desert Hot Springs , California . Andres Wood ( born in 1965 ) is a Chilean film director , producer and writer . Some of his most popular films include "Machuca" , "Violeta se fue a los cielos" , and "Historias de Futbol" . He created his own production company known as Wood Producciones in 1993 .
Sikkil C. Gurucharan ( born on 21 June 1982 ) is among the foremost young performing musicians of Carnatic music in India today . He is the grandson of Sikkil Kunjumani , elder of the internationally acclaimed flautists the Sikkil Sisters . Gurucharan has been under the tutelage Vaigal Shri S. Gnanaskandan and is currently being mentored by Shri B. Krishnamurthy . He is an ' A ' grade All India Radio artist . The magazine India Today featured him among 35 Game Changers Under ( the age of ) 35 in India , a list of young achievers from different walks of life . Anil Srinivasan ( born June 3 , 1977 ) is a classical pianist from India . Born in Chennai , India and educated at the University of Southern California and at Columbia University , New York , he is well known for his collaborative work with Carnatic vocalist Sikkil Gurucharan . Equally known is his pioneering work in music education in South India .
Tea Moderna ( Macedonian : Теа Модерна ) is a Macedonian woman 's weekly magazine women . Hänt Extra is a Swedish language weekly celebrity and youth magazine published by Aller Media in Stockholm , Sweden .
Zork : Grand Inquisitor is a graphic adventure game developed by Activision and released for Windows in 1997 , and for Macintosh in 2001 . It builds upon the "Zork" and "Enchanter" series of interactive fiction video games originally released by Infocom , and sees players attempting to restore magic to Zork , solving puzzles and using spells . The game features a notable cast of characters , with stars including Erick Avari , Michael McKean , Amy D. Jacobson , Marty Ingels , Earl Boen , Jordana Capra , Dirk Benedict , and Rip Taylor. "" was written and released as a promotional prequel to the game . Martin Ingerman ( March 9 , 1936 – October 21 , 2015 ) , known professionally as Marty Ingels , was an American actor , comedian , comedy sketch writer and theatrical agent , who is best known as the co-star of the 1960s television series" I 'm Dickens , He 's Fenster" and for voicing Pac-Man in the 1982 Hanna-Barbera animated television series of the same name .
Alexander Charles Beard CBE ( born October 1963 ) was the deputy director of the Tate from 2002 to 2013 . In March 2013 , he was appointed as the new chief executive of the Royal Opera House , London , succeeding Tony Hall , who relinquished the post on his appointment as Director-General of the BBC . Beard took up the post at the ROH in September 2013 . Anthony William "Tony" Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead , { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 3 March 1951 ) is the Director-General of the BBC .
Honolulu ( ; ] ) is the capital and largest city of the U.S. state of Hawaii . It is an unincorporated part of and the county seat of the City and County of Honolulu on the island of Oahu . The city is the main gateway to Hawaii and a major portal into the United States . The city is also a major hub for international business , military defense , as well as famously being host to a diverse variety of east-west and Pacific culture , cuisine , and traditions . Laysan ( ; Hawaiian : Kauō ] ) , located 808 nmi northwest of Honolulu at N25° 42 ' 14" W171° 44 ' 04" , is one of the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands . It comprises one land mass of 1016 acre , about 1 by in size . It is an atoll of sorts , although the land completely surrounds a shallow central lake some 8 ft above sea level that has a salinity approximately three times greater than the ocean . Laysan 's Hawaiian name of Kauō means "egg" , referring to its shape and how much life springs from the island .
Krzysztof Zanussi , ( born 17 June 1939 ) is a Polish film and theatre director , producer and screenwriter . He is a professor of European film at the European Graduate School in Saas-Fee , Switzerland where he conducts a summer workshop . He is also a professor at the Silesian University in Katowice . Thom Andersen ( born 1943 , Chicago ) is a filmmaker , film critic and teacher .
Ivo Andrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : , ] ; born Ivan Andrić ; 9 October 1892 – 13 March 1975 ) was a Yugoslav novelist , poet and short story writer who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1961 . His writings dealt mainly with life in his native Bosnia under Ottoman rule . José de Sousa Saramago , ( ] ; 16 November 1922 – 18 June 2010 ) , was a Portuguese writer and recipient of the 1998 Nobel Prize in Literature . His works , some of which can be seen as allegories , commonly present subversive perspectives on historic events , emphasizing the human factor . In 2003 Harold Bloom described Saramago as "the most gifted novelist alive in the world today" and in 2010 said he considers Saramago to be "a permanent part of the Western canon" , while James Wood praises "the distinctive tone to his fiction because he narrates his novels as if he were someone both wise and ignorant ."
After the breakup of Led Zeppelin in 1980 ( following the death of John Bonham ) , Robert Plant pursued a successful solo career comprising eleven studio albums , two compilation albums , three video albums , four collaborative albums and 42 singles . He began his solo career with "Pictures at Eleven" in 1982 , followed by 1983 's "The Principle of Moments" . Popular tracks from this period include "Big Log" ( a Top 20 hit in 1983 ) , "In the Mood" ( 1984 ) , "Little by Little" ( from 1985 's "Shaken ' n ' Stirred" ) , "Tall Cool One" ( a # 25 hit off 1988 's "Now and Zen" ) , "Manic Nirvana" 's "Hurting Kind ( I 've Got My Eyes on You )" ( 1990 ) , and "I Believe" ( from 1993 's "Fate of Nations" ) , another song written for and dedicated to his late son , Karac . In 1984 , Plant formed a short-lived all-star group with Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck called the Honeydrippers , who had a # 3 hit with a remake of the Phil Phillips ' tune , "Sea of Love" and a follow-up hit with a cover of Roy Brown 's "Rockin ' at Midnight ." Although Plant avoided performing Led Zeppelin songs through much of this period , his tours in 1983 ( with drummer Phil Collins ) and 1985 were very successful , often performing to sold-out arena-sized venues . John Henry Bonham ( 31 May 1948 – 25 September 1980 ) was an English musician and songwriter , best known as the drummer for the British rock band Led Zeppelin . Bonham was esteemed for his speed , power , fast bass-drumming , distinctive sound , and "feel" for the groove . He is considered one of the greatest rock drummers .
Nicholas Scott "Nick" Cannon ( born October 8 , 1980 ) is an American rapper , actor , comedian , director , screenwriter , film producer , entrepreneur , record producer , radio and television personality . On television , Cannon began as a teenager on "All That" before going on to host "The Nick Cannon Show" , "Wild ' N Out" , and "America 's Got Talent" . He acted in the films "Drumline" , "Love Do n't Cost a Thing" , and "Roll Bounce" . As a rapper he released his debut self-titled album in 2003 with the hit single "Gigolo" , a collaboration with singer R. Kelly . In 2007 he played the role of the fictional footballer TJ Harper in the film "" . In 2006 , Cannon recorded the singles "Dime Piece" and "My Wife" for the planned album "Stages" , which was never released . Cannon married American R & B/pop singer , Mariah Carey in 2008 . He filed for divorce in December 2014 , after six years of marriage . The divorce was finalized in 2016 . Chris Spencer ( born January 2 , 1968 ) is an American actor , comedian , writer , and producer . He was the first host of the syndicated late night talk show "Vibe" , based on the magazine of the same name . He has gone on to star in several film projects such as "Do n't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood" , "The Sixth Man" , "Significant Others" , and "Postal" . Chris is also one of the most sought after writers having done projects with Wayans family , Jamie Foxx , and was significant in helping Nick Cannon create MTV 's "Wild ' N Out" . Chris Spencer also travels the country as a standup comedian and has performed on "The Chris Rock Show" , "Jimmy Kimmel Live ! "and HBO 's "Def Comedy Jam" . Chris and fellow friends , Al Madrigal and Maz Jobrani are on a weekly podcast , Minivan Men . He is a writer for the scripted comedy , "Real Husbands of Hollywood" .
The Thorn in the Heart ( French : "L'épine dans le coeur" ) is a 2009 French documentary film directed by Michel Gondry . It was given a special screening at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival and was also screened at the Sheffield Doc/Fest . High School is a 1968 American documentary film directed by Frederick Wiseman that shows a typical day for a group of students at Northeast High School in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . It was one of the first direct cinema ( or cinéma vérité ) documentaries . It was shot over five weeks in March and April 1968 . The film was not shown in Philadelphia at the time of its release , due to Wiseman 's concerns over what he called "vague talk" of a lawsuit .
Judith Weir { ' 1 ' : ", ' 2 ' : ", ' 3 ' : ", ' 4 ' : "} ( born 11 May 1954 ) is a British composer and Master of the Queen 's Music . George Jacob Gershwin ( ; September 26 , 1898 July 11 , 1937 ) was an American composer and pianist . Gershwin 's compositions spanned both popular and classical genres , and his most popular melodies are widely known . Among his best-known works are the orchestral compositions "Rhapsody in Blue" ( 1924 ) and "An American in Paris" ( 1928 ) as well as the opera "Porgy and Bess" ( 1935 ) .
Abso Lutely Productions is a film and television production company owned by actor and producers Tim Heidecker , Eric Wareheim and producer Dave Kneebone . It is known for producing the long-running series "Tom Goes to the Mayor" , "Nathan For You" , "Tim and Eric Awesome Show , Great Job ! "and "Check It Out ! with Dr. Steve Brule" . Check It Out ! with Dr. Steve Brule is an American sketch comedy television series that is a spin-off of "Tim and Eric Awesome Show , Great Job ! "starring John C. Reilly as Dr. Steve Brule . The series premiered on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim , on May 16 , 2010 . The program follows Brule as he examines different facets of living . His severe naivete and social awkwardness generally land him in embarrassing situations , though he largely remains ignorant of any embarrassment he 's causing himself . As the series progresses , he reveals shocking and sometimes horrifying details about his past and personal life .
Esta Malka Charkham ( born 29 March 1949 ) is a British television and film producer and casting director known for the films "Chariots of Fire" ( 1981 ) and "Supergirl" ( 1984 ) and the television series "Robin of Sherwood" ( 1984 ) , among others . She is a Director of the casting agency Esta Charkham Associates ; the Founder and Principal of West London Drama Training , an independent theatre school for young people between the ages of 7 and 18 ; and a former Director of the National Youth Theatre . Supergirl is a 1984 British superhero film directed by Jeannot Szwarc and written by David Odell , based on the DC Comics character of the same name and serves as a spin-off to Alexander and Ilya Salkind 's "Superman" film series . The film stars Helen Slater as Supergirl , along with Faye Dunaway , Mia Farrow and Peter O'Toole , with Marc McClure reprising his role as Jimmy Olsen from the "Superman" films . He was the only actor to do so . "Supergirl" was the first superhero film to feature a woman in the lead role .
William Randolph Hearst Sr. ( ; April 29 , 1863 – August 14 , 1951 ) was an American businessman , politician , and newspaper publisher who built the nation 's largest newspaper chain and media company Hearst Communications and whose flamboyant methods of yellow journalism influenced the nation 's popular media by emphasizing sensationalism and human interest stories . Hearst entered the publishing business in 1887 after being given control of "The San Francisco Examiner" by his wealthy father . Moving to New York City , he acquired "The New York Journal" and fought a bitter circulation war with Joseph Pulitzer 's "New York World" that sold papers by giant headlines over lurid stories featuring crime , corruption , graphics , sex , and innuendo . Acquiring more newspapers , Hearst created a chain that numbered nearly thirty papers in major American cities at its peak . He later expanded to magazines , creating the largest newspaper and magazine business in the world . William Edward Flannery ( November 17 , 1898 – January 25 , 1959 ) was an American art director and architect for William Randolph Hearst . He won an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film "Picnic" .
Sir Wilfred Thomason Grenfell , KCMG ( 28 February 1865 – 9 October 1940 ) was a medical missionary to Newfoundland and Labrador . The International Grenfell Association ( IGA ) is an organization founded by Sir Wilfred Grenfell to provide health care , education , religious services , and rehabilitation and other social activities to the fisherman and coastal communities in northern Newfoundland and the coast of Labrador .
The State University of New York at Stony Brook ( also known as Stony Brook University or SUNY Stony Brook ) is a public sea-grant and space-grant research university located in Stony Brook , New York in the United States . It is part of the State University of New York ( SUNY ) system . The University of New Hampshire ( UNH ) is a public research university in the University System of New Hampshire , in the United States . The university 's Durham campus , comprising six colleges , is located in the Seacoast region of the state . A seventh college , the University of New Hampshire at Manchester , occupies the university 's campus in Manchester , the state 's largest city . The University of New Hampshire School of Law , known as the Franklin Pierce Law Center until 2010 , is located in Concord , the state 's capital .
William Lyon Mackenzie King ( December 17 , 1874 – July 22 , 1950 ) , also commonly known as Mackenzie King , was the dominant Canadian political leader , as the Prime Minister of Canada , from the 1920s through the 1940s . He served as the tenth Prime Minister of Canada in 1921–1926 , 1926–1930 and 1935–1948 . He is best known for his leadership of Canada throughout the Second World War ( 1939–1945 ) when he mobilized Canadian money , supplies and volunteers to support Britain while boosting the economy and maintaining home front morale . A Liberal with 21 years and 154 days in office , he was the longest-serving prime minister in Canadian history . Trained in law and social work , he was keenly interested in the human condition ( as a boy , his motto was "Help those that can not help themselves" ) , and played a major role in laying the foundations of the Canadian welfare state . The Kellock–Taschereau Commission ( officially the Royal Commission to Investigate the Facts Relating to and the Circumstances Surrounding the Communication , by Public Officials and Other Persons in Positions of Trust of Secret and Confidential Information to Agents of a Foreign Power ) was a royal commission appointed by Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King on behalf of the Government of Canada under Order in Council PC 411 on February 5 , 1946 .
Evan Buliung is a Canadian actor . He has played roles on stage and in musical theatre , including the role of Aragorn in the Toronto production of "Lord of the Rings" , Khashoggi in "We Will Rock You" , William Burke in "Bloodless : The Trial of Burke and Hare" and Pericles in the Stratford Festival 's 2015 production of "The Adventures of Pericles" . The Lord of the Rings is the most prominent of several theatre adaptations of J. R. R. Tolkien 's epic high fantasy book series of the same name , with music by A. R. Rahman , Christopher Nightingale and the band Värttinä , and book and lyrics by Matthew Warchus and Shaun McKenna .
Bernie Buescher ( born July 11 , 1949 ) is the former secretary of state of Colorado . A Democrat , he was appointed to the office in 2009 by Governor of Colorado Bill Ritter to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of Republican Mike Coffman . Michael Howard Coffman ( born March 19 , 1955 ) is the U.S. Representative for Colorado 's 6 congressional district , serving since 2009 . A member of the Republican Party , he previously served as the Secretary of State of Colorado ( 2007–2009 ) and as Colorado State Treasurer ( 1999–2005 and 2006–2007 ) .
The Art Deco style , which originated in France just before World War I , had an important impact on architecture and design in the United States in the 1920s and 1930s . The most famous examples were the skyscrapers of New York , including the Empire State Building , Chrysler Building , and Rockefeller Center in New York City . It combined modern aesthetics , fine craftsmanship and expensive materials , and became the symbol of luxury and modernity . While rarely used in residences , it was frequently used for office buildings , government buildings , train stations , movie theaters , diners and department stores . It also was frequently used in furniture , and in the design of automobiles , ocean liners , and everyday objects such as toasters and radio sets . In the late 1930s , during the Great Depression , it featured prominently in the architecture of the immense public works projects sponsored by the Works Progress Administration and the Public Works Administration , such as the Golden Gate Bridge and Hoover Dam . The style competed throughout the period with the modernist architecture , and came to an abrupt end in 1939 with the beginning of World War II . The style was rediscovered in the 1960s , and many of the original buildings have been restored and are now historical landmarks . Rockefeller Center is a large complex consisting of 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acre between 48th and 51st Streets in New York City . Commissioned by the Rockefeller family , it is located in the center of Midtown Manhattan , spanning the area between Fifth Avenue and Sixth Avenue .
Spencer Gifts LLC , doing business as Spencer 's , is a North American mall retailer with over 600 stores in the United States and Canada . Their stores specialize in novelty and gag gifts , and also sell clothing , band merchandise , sex toys , room decor , collectible figures , fashion and body jewelry , and fantasy and horror items . The company also owns and operates a seasonal retailer , Spirit Halloween . Spirit Halloween LLC is a seasonal retailer that supplies Halloween decorations , costumes and accessories . It was founded in 1983 and is based in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey . In 1999 , the store had 60 seasonal locations and was purchased by Spencer Gifts .
The Ouachita Baptist Tigers football program is the intercollegiate American football team for Ouachita Baptist University located in the U.S. state of Arkansas . The team competes in NCAA Division II and are members of the Great American Conference . Ouachita Baptist 's first football team was fielded in 1896 . The team plays its home games at A.U . Williams Field in Arkadelphia , Arkansas . The Tigers are coached by Todd Knight . Ouachita Baptist University ( OBU ) is a private , liberal arts , undergraduate college located in Arkadelphia , Arkansas , which is about 65 miles southwest of Little Rock . The university 's name is taken from the Ouachita ( pronounced Wash'-uh-taw ) River , which forms the eastern campus boundary . It is affiliated with the Arkansas Baptist State Convention . The student body is approximately 45 % male and 55 % female .
Jingdezhen ( or the Town of Jingde ) is a prefecture-level city , previously a town , in northeastern Jiangxi province , China , with a total population of 1,554,000 ( 2007 ) , bordering Anhui to the north . It is known as the "Porcelain Capital" because it has been producing pottery for 1,700 years . The city has a well-documented history that stretches back over 2,000 years . Xinghua ( ) is a county-level city under the administration of Taizhou , Jiangsu province , China . It is located in the central part of Jiangsu Province . It borders the prefecture-level cities of Yancheng to the north and east and Yangzhou to the west .
Waring & Gillow is a noted firm of English furniture manufacturers formed in 1897 by the merger of Gillows of Lancaster and London and Waring of Liverpool . It was dissolved in 1938 . Manny Cussins ( 26 October 1905 – 5 October 1987 ) was a British businessman , who made his fortune in the furniture retail business , becoming chairman of Waring & Gillow . He joined the board of directors at Leeds United F.C . in 1961 , and served as the club 's chairman between 1972 and 1983 . He died on 5 October 1987 , aged 81 .
Northumbrian was a dialect of Old English spoken in the Anglian Kingdom of Northumbria . Together with Mercian , Kentish and West Saxon , it forms one of the sub-categories of Old English devised and employed by modern scholars . The Kingdom of Northumbria ( ; Old English : "Norþhymbra rīce" , "kingdom of the Northumbrians" ) was a medieval Anglian kingdom in what is now northern England and south-east Scotland , which subsequently became an earldom in a unified English kingdom . The name reflects the approximate southern limit to the kingdom 's territory , the Humber estuary .
Daniil Borisovich Shafran ( Russian : Даниил Борисович Шафран , January 13 , 1923February 7 , 1997 ) was a Soviet Russian cellist . Anton Ginsburg ( 18 September 1930 – 19 July 2002 ) was a Russian pianist . He was born in Moscow . A disciple of Heinrich Neuhaus , he graduated from the Moscow Conservatory in 1953 . Four years later he won the Smetana Competition in Prague . Ginsburg has been active as a concert pianist both in the USSR and abroad , but is best remembered for his work as an accompanist with Daniil Shafran .
David Coverdale ( born 22 September 1951 ) is an English rock singer best known for his work with Whitesnake , a hard rock band he founded in 1978 . Before Whitesnake , Coverdale was the lead singer of Deep Purple from 1973 to 1976 , after which he established his solo career . A collaboration with Jimmy Page resulted in a 1993 album that was a commercial and critical success . In 2016 , Coverdale was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Deep Purple , giving one of the band 's induction speeches . The Early Years is a compilation album by English rock band Whitesnake , released in 2004 . The album 's track listing was compiled by David Coverdale , spanning 1978 's "Trouble" to 1984 's "Slide It In" .
A hot toddy , also known as hot whiskey in Ireland , is typically a mixed drink made of liquor and water with honey ( or , in some recipes , sugar ) , herbs ( such as tea ) and spices , and served hot . Hot toddy recipes vary and are traditionally drunk before retiring for the night , or in wet or cold weather . Some believe the drink relieves the symptoms of the cold and flu—in "How to Drink" , Victoria Moore describes the drink as "the vitamin C for health , the honey to soothe , the alcohol to numb" . Kir is a popular French cocktail made with a measure of crème de cassis ( blackcurrant liqueur ) topped up with white wine .
Thomas Dry Howie ( April 12 , 1908 – July 17 , 1944 ) was an American army officer , killed during the Battle of Normandy during World War II , while trying to capture the French town of Saint-Lô . He is known as "The Major of St . Lo" . Operation Overlord was the codename for the Battle of Normandy , the Allied operation that launched the successful invasion of German-occupied Western Europe during World War II . The operation was launched on 6 June 1944 with the Normandy landings ( Operation Neptune , commonly known as D-Day ) . A 1,200-plane airborne assault preceded an amphibious assault involving more than 5,000 vessels . Nearly 160,000 troops crossed the English Channel on 6 June , and more than two million Allied troops were in France by the end of August .
Matthew Arnold "Matt" Thiessen ( born August 12 , 1980 ) is a Canadian-American musician , singer and songwriter known for being co-founder , lead singer , guitarist , pianist , and primary songwriter for the Christian rock band Relient K. With Relient K , he has released eight full-length albums , including three that were certified Gold , and three that peaked in the top twenty on the "Billboard" 200 . Outside of his work with Relient K , Thiessen maintains a low-profile side project called Matthew Thiessen and the Earthquakes . In 2009 , he co-produced and collaborated on Owl City 's album "Ocean Eyes" . George Thorogood ( born February 24 , 1950 ) is an American musician , singer and songwriter from Wilmington , Delaware . His "high-energy boogie-blues" sound became a staple of 1980s rock radio , with hits like his original songs "Bad to the Bone" and "I Drink Alone" . He has also helped popularize older songs by American icons , such as "Move It on Over" , "Who Do You Love ? ", and "House Rent Boogie/One Bourbon , One Scotch , One Beer" , which became staples of classic rock radio .
Salvatore "Salvie" Testa ( March 31 , 1956 - September 14 , 1984 ) , nicknamed The Crowned Prince of the Philadelphia Mob , was a Philadelphia gangster who served as a hitman for the Philadelphia crime family during a period of internal gang conflict . The son of former Philadelphia boss Philip , Testa was a rising star in the mob until he was killed on orders from Nicky Scarfo Sr . The Philadelphia crime family , ( pronounced ] ) also known as the Philadelphia Mafia , the Philly Mob/Mafia , the Bruno-Scarfo family , the South Philly Mob/Mafia , or the Philadelphia-South Jersey Mob/Mafia is an Italian American criminal organization based in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Formed and based in South Philadelphia , the family primarily operates in various areas and neighborhoods throughout the Philadelphia metropolitan area and Delaware Valley , Southeastern Pennsylvania , and New Jersey , especially South Jersey . The Philadelphia family is notorious for its violence , due in particular to its succession of violent bosses and multiple mob wars .
Alfred Josef Ferdinand Jodl ( ; 10 May 1890 – 16 October 1946 ) was a German general and war criminal during World War II , who served as the Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command ( Oberkommando der Wehrmacht ) . Ferdinand Alfred Friedrich Jodl ( 28 November 1896 – 9 June 1956 ) was a German general during World War II who commanded the Mountain Corps Norway during the Petsamo–Kirkenes Offensive . He was the brother of Alfred Jodl , Chief of the Operations Staff of the OKW . Ferdinand Jodl was acquitted by a German court .