The Shōgitai were an elite corps of which shogunate ?
Was Kanako Momota or Mark Hollis born first ?
Although a dependent territory remains politically outside of the controlling state &#x27;s integral area , what else can it contain ?
Which was released first , Hot Girls Wanted or China Blue ?
Who currently has more store locations ? Bearno &#x27;s or Patxi &#x27;s Chicago Pizza ?
What series did Tom Mandrake collaborate on that was based on a fictional superhero ?
Which of the following stars Jeff Bridges as a computer programmer : Tron or The Million Dollar Duck ?
Jordan &#x27;s Furniture is a furniture retailer with a location in an enclosed shopping mall on the north side of Interstate 295 near what ?
Is there fruit juice in both a Fizz and a Painkiller cocktail ?
What flow of goods and services were managed and distributed by General Blood ?
Dream Street is narrated by an English musician , comedian , and actor who first came to public notice with what British comedy showband ?
Which professional tennis player was born first , Lucie Hradecká or Raffaella Reggi ?
Who died last Vladimir Arnold or Georg Cantor ?
Are Ganzhou and Jimo District both located in China ?
Shani Gandi has worked with Kelsea Ballerini in what country ?
Both José Aponte de la Torre Airport and Boulder City Municipal Airport are classified as what type of airport ?
Which opera had more contributions to its making from friends of the composer of the opera , Eugene Onegin or The Devil and Kate ?
Davy Crockett , King of the Wild Frontier : and Herbie Rides Again were both by which company ?
Profile Lake is located at the foot of a mountain that is how many feet tall ?
Alex Yemenidjian is the CEO of the company that owns what Las Vegas Strip hotel ?
where is the Vanderbilt mansion which Ochre Point–Cliffs Historic District is its home located
Which country refrained from participating in the 1991 Baltic Cup though it had participated in previous Baltic Cup competitions ?
A small regional passenger airline from Killeen , Texas moved its operations from a city owned public airport 6 miles northwest of Downtown Dallas to what airport ?
Where did King James reign during Samuel Parker &#x27;s time as a Bishop of Oxford ?
Stray Arrows : A Collection of Favorites is the first compilation album released by an American alternative metal band that formed in what Chicago suburb ?
What occupation is shared by both Marge Piercy and Richard Aldington ?
Has Entrepreneur had a longer lifespan than Optimize ?
What day in November is Southpark most congested ?
Who was an actor actor in the film The Ladder of Lies and was born October 23 , 1893 ?
Are Jerome Storm and Andrés Wood from the same country ?
Which pistol was replaced by a pistol manufactured by Spreewerk ?
The home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment is a platform for a racing video game developed by who ?
Sporobolus and Zea are in the same what ?
Faces is a mixtape that features guest appearances from an American rapper who released one album with Souf Folk called what ?
How many girls and boys are in the seventeen sibling family featured on Counting On ?
What year did the prison where William Penn wrote No Cross , No Crown stop being used as a prison ?
Which close friend of an American former basketball player was signed for to play for the Timberwolves ?
Who was born first , Yanka Dyagileva or Alexander Bashlachev ?
What country of origin does Dana Ivey and Two Weeks Notice have in common ?
Phoebe Ruguru created a 2014 film on a smartphone marketed by what company ?
How many times was the writer , who invited Hu Lanqi to meet him in Moscow , a nominee for the Nobel Prize in Literature ?
Are Mobile Regional Airport and Hoonah Airport located in California ?
What type of writing did both Richard Harding Davis and Harry Stephen Keeler write ?
Edward C. Hugger and Alexander Acosta served at appointees for what job ?
Steven Rattazzi provides the voice for the character of Doctor Byron Orpheus on an animated series created by who ?
Somebody ’ s Daughter ’ s star Max Gail was most widely known for his role in what other television series ?
What profession does Stephen Jay Gould and Ann Beattie have in common ?
What movie did actress Irene Jacob complete before the American action crime thriller film directed by Stuart Bird ?
The terminology of algebraic geometry changed drastically with the introduction of the general methods , initiated by a mathematician of what nationality ?
Vocelli Pizza and Noble Roman &#x27;s serve which kind of food ?
What National Hockey League ( NHL ) season saw the Dallas Stars finish the season in a lower position than the Nashville Predators ?
Who has the highest scope of profession in Peter Yates or Jang Joon-hwan
Who was the ruler ousted by the 30th Prime Minister of Cambodia after Khmer Rouge &#x27;s victory over the Lon Nol government ?
Which Australian professional women &#x27;s basketball team has an American playing in it ?
What year was George Harrison &#x27;s top UK charted song voted the nations 11th favorite 1980s number ?
Of what ethnicity is the founder of the Orchestra which debuted on January 1 , 1988 ?
Which American artist , who also illustrated works by Bill Nye and George W. Peck , illustrated an 1876 novel by Mark Twain about a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River ?
David Lightfoot worked on what film loosely based on the murders of tourists by Ivan Milat in the 1990 &#x27;s ?
What prolific English engineer , who died on 15 December 1857 , contributed to the advent of the hot air engine by way of their open cycle devices ?
What was the highest ranking in the United States for a single written by an English multi-instrumentalist ?
Fred Mace played for which English football club in 1919 ?
What political office was held by two successive occupants of the same castle located in Lauderdale , Scotland ?
Who selected the quarterback in the 1999 NFL draft , two spots after All American Tim Couch ?
Davey Brozowski is a percussionist for a band that formed in what city in Washington ?
in 1999 , Spirit Halloween LLC was purchased by a mall retailer that has how many stores in the United States and Canada ?
which film came out first , African Cats or Fun and Fancy Free ?
Clipper Cargo was a subsidiary cargo airline of the principal and largest international air carrier in the United States that was founded in what year ?
Who was person born in Sweden 1964 that founded Hidden City Entertainment in 2004 ?
Den Dover was born in a suburb with what total resident population ?
Louis XVI style sought to evoke the artistic styles that were just then being rediscovered in Pompeii and this ancient Roman town that was destroyed in what year
Genealogy is an Armenian supergroup that competed in a 2015 singing contest in what city ?
Which was released first , The Greatest Game Ever Played or Hot Lead and Cold Feet ?
What is the war that No . 22 Squadron RAAF followed as far as the Philippines sometimes called ?
Which former mill town is near Rivington Hall Barn ?
Where was one of Sergei Prokofiev &#x27;s most well-known operas first performed in 1921 ?
Eduard Schweizer teaches at a German university with over how many students ?
Are 13 Engines and Oingo Boingo both new wave bands ?
The Legendary A &amp; M Sessions contain five songs by the singer whose work was conducted with what band ?
Which club , founded in 1928 , did Bob Johnson played for
Which is a French documentary , The Seine Meets Paris and Great Old Amusement Parks ?
Which person went into space at a later date , Sigmund Jähn or Christer Fuglesang ?
Which band formed first Cha Cha Cohen or Swervedriver ?
Which technique did the director at Pzena Investment Management outline ?
Which has more species Laurus or Liriodendron ?
Which American filmmaker has directed more films , Jon Paul Puno or Ken Kwapis ?
The New York , Westchester and Boston Railway has a terminus at the New York city in what county ?
Which genus has more species Babiana or Ceratophyllum ?
A play that was first performed on February 16th , 1728 , at the Theatre Royal , was written by an English novelist who was also the author of what novel ?
The 2011 FA Community Shield annual football match saw Manchester United win the game 3-2 with goals from Nani and this English professional footballer who played as a center-back ?
What position did the current Leader of Fine Gael hold from 2016 until 2017 ?
What type of coat coloration do Colorpoint Shorthairs and Siamese share ?
What location is shared by both Great Neck School District and Saddle Rock Elementary School ?
Beena Sarwar is the editor of a peace initiative sponsored by a newpaper based in what city ?
Which film industry would have films in which Ilya Khrzhanovsky would be the director ?
What is the given name of the character depicted as Juliet Hulme in Heavenly Creatures ?
VEU , the American television channel owned by Golden West Broadcasting was similar to a defunct television servied owned by who ?
What software company developed Fade to black and it &#x27;s 1992 Sequel , Flashback ?
James Garner had a role in the 2004 romantic drama directed by whom ?
North American Aviation was the company that created what single-engined training aircraft ?
Chun Woo-hee &#x27;s notable films include a South Korean horror film about a policeman who investigates a series of mysterious killings and what ?
Igor Naming Agency named a resort located where ?
Which is the busiest airport in the United Kingdom outside of London ?
What man is linked to both Johnny Tremain and Magic Kingdom ?
Between Pinanga and Alopecurus which genus is more common in temperate regions ?
What comic book does Hershel Greene and Carl Grimes appear in as characters ?
Alhambra and Tsuro are both examples of what type of game ?
what was the American computer-animated fantasy film which Aron Warner produced based on
What 4-D film attraction at Walt Disney World is based off a 2004 computer-animated Christmas movie ?
What is one of the most successful retro-clones that is no longer supported by Wizards of the Coast ?
What friend of a performance artist and professional wrestler has performed in the role of Tony Clifton ?
Who has released more studio albums , 10 Years or Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros ?
Where was the armory at which Model 1840 flintlock musket was produced located ?
What is the relationship between the singers on the album Tales of Old Grand Daddy ?
Who has more scope of profession , Edward Dmytryk or Otto Preminger ?
What is the first year that the second largest university in Alabama fielded a football team ?
Charles Scribner &#x27;s Sons publishes the books of what author whose books cover subjects such as the Cold War , mathematics , politics , and economics , and global terrorism ?
Which came first , Battle of Antietam or Battle of Guam ?
Which 50th Congressional District representative was Brent Roger Wilkes connected to in a scandal ?
What major landform lended its name to both the Blue Ridge Music Center , and American &#x27;s longest linear park ?
The 1989 Batman film was produced by Jon Peters and a man that is the CEO of what company ?
Which iPhone was the first to be completely developed by the Chief Executive Officer of Apple who was born in 1960 ?
Harrison Newey made his ADAC Formula 4 debut with a partner who is the son of who ?
The Trans-Tasman Challenge winning car was based off which second generation North american Ford compact car ?
Arundel Castle was damaged during a war between which two groups ?
Who was the American congressman whose actions led to a CIA program to arm Jihadi warriors in Afghanistan in the 1980 &#x27;s ?
SWX Right Now airs on the station that broadcasts on what channel in Billings , Montana ?
Macaulay Carson Culkin was regarded as the most successful child actor since which actress , who was Hollywood &#x27;s number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938 ?
What university did the winner of the 2014 CFL &#x27;s Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award attend ?
What is the 2010 population of the village at which Smith Haven Mall was located ?
In between Hymenosporum and Agrostemma which one is closely related to the widespread genus Pittosporum ?
Which tennis player is from a country closer to Canada , Ken Flach or Lucie Šafářová ?
Taylor Nichols was part of the ensemble cast of which 1995 American black comedy and psychological horror film ?
Who is younger , Keisuke Kuwata or Moya Brennan ?
Dru Decaro is the lead guitarist for the RnB artist who began creating music at what age ?
The actress who made her film debut in Friday Night Lights also starred in a 2014 French-American crime-thriller directed by whi ?
The 2014 All-Pac-12 Conference football team featured players from the team led by which second-year head coach , who led his team to the conference title ?
The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios was published by the creator of the award-winning fantasy adventure novel that was published in what year ?
When did the 2005 Ladbrokes.com World Darts Championship begin ?
The 53rd National Hockey League All-Star Game took place at the indoor arena that was completed in what year ?
Which American novelist was notable primarily for publishing science fiction , Allen Drury or Philip K. Dick ?
What dynasty was the creator of Mouten Cadet wine a part of ?
The lamp used in many lighthouses is similiar to this type of lamp patented in 1780 by Aimé Argand ?
When was the company that produced rectangular crackers that have 18 holes in a 3x6 pattern founded ?
Which plant is indigenous to the western hemisphere , Stephanocereus or Nepenthes ?
When William Gladstone successfully relaunched his political career in Scotland in advance of the 1880 General Election , which party did he lead ?
What is the nickname of Stephan Lichtsteiner that refers to the character from the 1994 American comedy-drama film based on the novel by Winston Groom ?
The company that created the Data Universal Numbering System has a database that contains how many business records ?
Which director was born more recently , Tony Kaye or Marc Webb ?
Which musical group has released more albums , The Telescopes or Candlelight Red ?
Who did the 39th Vice President of the United States serve under ?
Who founded the company that sponsors the CFL game of the week ?
What is the day of the horse race of which ESPN covers both the post position draw and the undercard races ?
The Six Arms Saga was written by the former editor-in-chief of what company ?
Which of Darren Aronofsky &#x27;s movies is based on a Russian ballet ?
Are Broughtonia and Laeliocattleya both orchids ?
Wolf and Sheep was screened at which 2016 film festival ?
What are the publishing years of this American and New York based film magazine published by Hachette Filipacchi Media U.S. , where April Bernard worked as senior editor ?
Gaia is a space observatory of the European Space Agency , what is Astrosat ?
What disease is the Wolf Prize winner and Vadim Bereinskii-inspired Nobel laureate suffering from ?
What king took away John Erskine , Earl of Mar &#x27;s office ?
Which breed of dog came first , the Norrbottenspets or the Blue Lacy ?
Which film is newer , The Apple Dumpling Gang or Heavyweights ?
What South Australian capital held UFC Fight Night 65 in May of 2015 ?
Maryland Jockey Club operates a race track in the largest municipality in which Maryland county ?
Were both Terence Fisher and Leopoldo Torre Nilsson British film directors ?
For what type of work is the production company for The Year Without a Santa Claus best known ?
What psychosis shares a name with an enemy fought by the protagonists in an animated show by Hasbro ?
What industry did both William Todd Field and Zoltan Korda work in ?
What was the first year a scientific journal published by an organization located in the Bronx was published ?
What Nobel Laureate teaches at Chapman University ?
What was another title published by the owner of the pseudonym Frank Talk ?
Harold Brent Wallis as producer and Humphrey Bogart as actor collaborated to make what 1942 film ?
Don Holmes played for the football club that is based in what eastern suburb of Perth ?
2014 S/S is the debut album of a South Korean boy group that was formed by who ?
Who is older , James Kerwin or Paul Verhoeven ?
What school was the actress who appeared with Michelle Williams in the last play by Russian playwright Anton Chekhov attending when she was signed on for a talent holding deal ?
Where is the company that created Doravirine ( from ?
How many episodes were there of the TV series where Julianna Margulies had the role of Carol Hathaway ?
What South Korean girl group formed by S.M . Entertainment recorded the Korean language song Lion Heart ?
The winning jockey of the 1997 Cheltenham Gold Cup held a record for winner of what award 20 consecutive times ?
Are Yucca and Rodgersia both perennials ?
which American actress , singer , and songwriter too the tour of I Stand tour
Which metropolitan at the south of Moraine , Ohio had a population of 2,114,580 in 2010 U.S. Census ?
Are Black and New Found Glory from the same country ?
Which is the younger brother in the composer duo that composed Aati Kya Khandala ?
What are both Camel Up and Outrage ! ?
Is The Devils of Loudun and Maskarade both operas ?
How many total staff ( including part-time , flexible , and fixed contract staff ) does the broadcaster , who released HyperNormalisation , employ ?
What was the album by Coldplay after the one with a song referencing Chris Martin &#x27;s unrequited love ?
God Is Not Great is by a journalist which due to his actions made him what ?
The music magazine launched by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen that interviewed CupcakKe about her album Audacious in September was the first print publication to be released where ?
The historical Nimavar school in the Nimavar Bazaar , or bazar , is located in which country ?
When was the conference the The 1998 West Virginia Mountaineers football team was part of created ?
Which musician is older , Chantal Claret or Max Green ?
The languages Hussein Ali Mahfouz studied are spoken by how many people ?
The 1st Alabama Siege Artillery Unit were massacred by Confederate troops under whose command ?
After Russell D. Moore served at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary he became the President of The Ethics &amp; Religious Liberty Commission ( ERLC ) in what year ?
What is the birthdate of this American actor , director , and producer , who starred in Not Another B Movie ?
What year did the sequel to a story that is told through a combination of narrative and vernacular photographs from the personal archives of collectors by Ransom Riggs come out ?
Could you read both Bicycling and National Review
Where is the Bubblegum Alley , that is similar to Gum Wall , located in California ?
The Church of England &#x27;s Oxford Movement was opposed by a clergyman who wrote what type of literature ?
When was the judge born who made notable contributions to the trial of the man who tortured , raped , and murdered eight student nurses from South Chicago Community Hospital on the night of July 13-14 , 1966 ?
Lisa Howard had a role in the comedy that had music and lyrics by whom ?
What is the real name of the clock one can see on a clear day from Denmark Hill ?
What film was Rebecca Gibney in that also had Kate Winslet in it ?
What is the middle name of the female MSNBC journalist critiqued on the Daily Howler ?
Which rapper who worked with a star of the film 8 Mile also worked with the artist who played keyboards and wrote songs for Anita Baker ? ?
To whom does the term Pietro Colonna Galatino is sometimes referred to as the inventor of refer ?
Are Ganzhou and Jimo District both located in China ?
The university where Rolf Martin Theodor Dahlgren worked as a professor has how many employees ?
Which is a choreographer , Yuen Woo-ping or Basil Dean ?
Blue Dwarf is what type of online text-based role-playing game ?
Who co-founded View Askew Productions and produced numerous movies starring Jason Lee ?
At which level of French football does the football team named after the manager of France national team play ?
Who was a grandson of Aurelia Plath and was a fisheries biologist ?
A British sports , health and leisure business hosted the World Games on what dates ?
What profession does H. L. Mencken and Albert Camus have in common ?
Jamie Campbell Bower was a cast member of the TNT show that was canceled after how many seasons ?
Are Wolfgang Becker and Jacques Audiard both German film directors ?
Bangalore Naatkal starred which actor and photographer ?
Pokémon : Arceus and the Jewel of Life and Totally Spies ! The Movie both released in what year ?
What topic does GeekDad cover that pertains to a line of plastic construction toys that are manufactured by a privately held company based in Billund , Denmark ?
What was the most famous post of the man who commanded American and French troops against German positions during the Battle of Saint-Mihiel ?
In the epic of Gilgamesh , where did the wise female divinity associated with fermentation live ?
Kang Sung-yeon played Prince Yeonsan in a film that runs for how many minutes ?
SS Ionic was built by the industrial company based in what city ?
What political party was the 6th governor of Hawaii that passed bills to help with global warming in Hawaii ?
What is the year of the event that occured first , Skeeter stopped teaching at his alma mater , or Emmett Kelly died ?
Who designed the casino that The Venetian Macao is modeled on ?
What country of origin does The Late Late Show and Craig Kilborn have in common ?
Which car brand was one step above the brand started on November 3 , 1911 ?
What occupation is shared by both Marge Piercy and Richard Aldington ?
About how many people are employed by the company founded by Denise Coates ?
Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days was made by the company based in what part of Tokyo ?
The physicist that saw a deficiency in Newton &#x27;s classical theory of gravity received a Nobel Prize in what year ?
What collegiate division does the team coached by P.W . Underwood play in ?
Which country refrained from participating in the 1991 Baltic Cup though it had participated in previous Baltic Cup competitions ?
Kadeem Jack is a player in a league that started with how many teams ?
What profession does John Landis and Gore Verbinski have in common ?
Who is the player that is Dutch who was the head of the Arsenal Football Club ?
Author David Chanoff has collaborated with a U.S. Navy admiral who served as the ambassador to the United Kingdom under which President ?
Who is the player that is Dutch who was the head of the Arsenal Football Club ?
What college in the Blue Ridge Assembly Historic District emphasized the study of art ?
Which ocean would the ingredients likely come from for the She-crab soup ?
The former Associate Director of the Northeast Intelligence Network has wrote for a publication which typically falls where on the political spectrum ?
What are the names of the co-directors of the psychological horror film starring Emily Browning and Elizabeth Banks ?
Who coached the Indians and was the first Native American to win a gold metal his home country ?
Which director , John Schlesinger or Barbara Albert , was also a writer and film producer ?
What I Saw : Reports from Berlin , 1920-1933 is a book by a writer born in which year ?
Who choreographed one who is said to be the last muse for the choreographer and starred in the Nutcracker ?
Who has a wider scope of profession , Pete Dexter or Elie Wiesel ?
What was the island , on which Marinelli Glacier is located , formerly known as ?
who features in the series which McClure hosts
Was it Ishmael Reed or Joseph Campbell who said Follow your bliss ?
Atlanta Zero Mile Post is located within a historic area opened in what year ?
What other jobs did the actress Olivia Munn from Mortdecai have ?
Eduard Schweizer teaches at a German university with over how many students ?
Adena Friedman was formerly the managing director and CFO of a company that specializes in what four key business areas ?
Of Mehran University of Engineering and Technology or University of Debrecen which is in Pakistan ?
Were Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood of the same nationality ?
What profession does H. L. Mencken and Albert Camus have in common ?
The fourth episode The Simpsons &#x27; seventh season has what kind of theme ?
What characteristic meaning it &#x27;s transferable between species , does monkeypox and cowpox virus both share ?
Nevada &#x27;s second busiest commercial airport was named after which career United States Army officer ?
Vestfold and Telemark each border what other Norwegian county ?
Are the films Gasland from 2010 and Pumping Iron from 1977 both documentaries ?
John Roger Kirkpatrick Scott was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from a Commonwealth that borders what to the east ?
Which Danish professional football club that won three Danish championships and five Danish Cup trophies did Keld Bordinggaard play for ?
World for Ransom was directed by the producer notable for which 1974 film ?
What is the main difference between the game Plateau and the game Colt Express ?
Who beacme a star as a comic book character created by Gerry Conway and Bob Oksner ?
Are Isaac Asimov and Michael Cunningham both American writers ?
Gleanntáin Ghlas &#x27; Ghaoth Dobhair is a song that can be heard in pubs licensed to serve what ?
Which breed , Chinese Chongqing Dog or Kanni , is used for hunting ?
Who was born first , Andy Warhol or Alexander Butler ?
The Battle of the Catalaunian Plains involved the king of the nomadic tribes of which peoples ?
Of the two Sopranos co-stars who starred in a 2009 American thriller film together , which went on to secure the role as Tony Soprano ?
Billy King was an Australian rules footballer who participated in a game that was contested between the South Melbourne Football Club and Carlton Football Club , and was held at what location in Melbourne in 1945 ?
During what war were the Russia-United Kingdom relations in a state of rivalry after the abdication of Emperor Nicholas II ?
In the seventh-largest country in Africa , what is the oil prodcution of the city at the mouth of the Congo River ?
What number president was Annie Caputo nominated by to become a member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ?
Which song that John Kirby scored is often the final piece of music played during an evening of revelry ?
What soldier and statesman was also a brother to James FitzJames mother ?
Paul Maynard became Rail Minister after the entrance of the Prime Minister who took office in what year ?
What is the name of the English poet who wrote a poem titled Don Juan and also served as the real-life model of a character in the novel Glenarvon ?
The mother of Megan Phelps-Roper is best known as the former spokesperson of a church located in what city ?
When was the football club founded in which Walter Otto Davisplayed at centre forward ?
Lean on Pete stars the actor best known for playing what role in Granite Flats ?
What national historic district is located near a village in the town of Philipstown , New York ?
Santa Bring My Baby Back was released on which fourth Elvis studio album in 1957 ?
Which battle , the Battle of Cold Harbor , or the Second Battle of Bull Run , was fought first ?
What US Airways pilot famously made an emergency landing on the Hudson River and went on to become an Aviation and Safety Expert for CBS News ?
Are Pothos and Tibouchina Aubl both flowering genus of plants ?
What is name of the city in Istanbul which has both Column of the Goths and Gül Mosque ?
When Copsi was made earl of Northumbria he went back to reside in a town at the confluence of which two rivers ?
Are George Stevens and Luc Besson American cinematographers ?
Which European based oil giant bought the commodities trading arm of J.P. Morgan in 2014 ?
Hugh Milburn Stone stared ina tv series created by what writer ?
Which is the younger brother in the composer duo that composed Aati Kya Khandala ?
What other political position did the person who introduced the DISCLOSE Act hold ?
What is another name for the butterfly of the Hesperiidae family that is found in the third largest country in Africa ?
What color clothing do people of the Netherlands wear during Oranjegekte or to celebrate the national holiday Koningsdag ?
Sam Mendes and Ruby Yang share what profession ?
Astro Boy and The Secret of Kells share which genre of film ?
What is the name of the range of characteristics pertaining to , and differentiating between , masculinity and femininity which Mary Karooro Okurut was appointed to in 2012 as Minister of ?
What other series is the actress who plays Malory Archer well known for ?
Which band has released more albums with their original members , Sick Puppies or Third Eye Blind ?
William Cammisano was part of which Mafia family ?
Are Todd Haynes and Chris Columbus of the same nationality ?
Which of the following board games accommodates up to 10 players : The Game of Life or the History of the World ?
What is the length of the river into which Pack Creek runs after it goes through the Spanish Valley ?
Which team was older when it had it &#x27;s worst season , The Cleveland Browns or the Detroit Lions
Are both Elko Regional Airport and Gerald R. Ford International Airport located in Michigan ?
Chris Williams last played for which football club from the National League North ?
St. John &#x27;s College , Belize offers an education in a tradition in which what three subjects were the core ?
Jean-Paul Sartre or George Bernard Shaw have more influence on turn of the century literature ?
The manufacturer that owns the company that currently produced and marketed Skittles is headquartered in what US state ?
On what kind of field did the team led by head coach Joe Harasymiak play ?
What is the sister city of the city in which Benjamin Abram Bernstein was born ?
What location under Charing Cross railway station did G-A-Y move to ?
Ken Pruitt was a Republican member of an upper house of the legislature with how many members ?
Repertoire of Plácido Domingo appeared in an opera written by whom which was based on a play by William Shakespeare ?
When was the American actor , film director which Dana Brunetti is the president of his company born
The Cromwell station is located in which Maryland county ?
Which football club did Michael Whitham briefly manage in Lincolnshire , England ?
My Babysitter &#x27;s a Vampire was created by Fresh TV , who also created which Canadian animated sitcom which premiered in Canada on November 7 , 2004 on Teletoon ?
What was the code name of The landing barge primarily used to provide hot meals to the landing crew ?
Which county is Jollyville , Texas located in that had a population of 1,024,266 as of the 2010 census ?
What is the ratio of flow velocity past a boundary to the local speed of sound for a Saab JAS 39 Gripen ?
Who had more pen names , George Orwell or Nelson DeMille ?
What is the name of the Kegeyli District in the Turkic language spoken in Karakalpakstan ?
Mesih Pasha &#x27;s uncle became emperor in what year ?
Yau Ma Tei North is a district of a city with how many citizens ?
Which city in the Baltimore metropolitan area includes a lake and surrounding park ?
Who is younger , Pelle Almqvist or Steve Winwood ?
Atlanta Zero Mile Post is located within a historic area opened in what year ?
Who is current vice captain of the English Test team , Jamie Atkinson or Ben Stokes ?
Where is the seminar Jeanne Marie Beaumont directed in 2007-2010 located ?
Which other Mexican Formula One race car driver has held the podium besides the Force India driver born in 1990 ?
When was the Chinese American electronic musician and singer who collaborated on the album I Remember born ?
What pistol cartridge was the original cartridge for the service pistol produced by a German arms manufacturer between 1896 and 1937 ?
The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America includes a patron in which actress who had a role on EastEnders ?
Which musician , Ciaran Gribbin or Brett Scallions , is a member of the post-grunge band Fuel ?
Kevin Alejandro was part of the cast of the 2015 American drama film written and directed by whom ?
In which division does this team , for which Kyle Skipworth played a catcher , compete ?
Who is the son of John Button under contract with as a driver ?
Július Satinský was born in a city that has a current population of what ?
Lou Cutell appeared on the third episode of the ninth season of an CBS sitcom that was what number episode overall ?
A Wind in the Door is part of a series written by who ?
What are some foods that may have been served at the Hawaiin Cottage ?
Name a musician that worked with Hiren Roy and Vilayat Khan .
What film was Rebecca Gibney in that also had Kate Winslet in it ?
The water-based dark ride in Walt Disney is connected to a song known for what ?
How many personnel does the Navy that had Gilliam-class atttack transports have on active duty ?
Who is the costar of a movie with the star of Scott McCall and was directed by the director of Supernatural ?
What type of media does Locked On and Tom Clancy have in common ?
Albanians in Montenegro which make up 4.91 of the county &#x27;s total population could be members of the Albanian Coalation Perspect which is a what ?
Rostker v. Goldberg held that the practice of what way of filling armed forces vacancies was consitutional ?
Creation Entertainment is located in a city with what estimated 2014 population ?
What famous composer leveraged microtonal music and unconventional methods of musicianship to create his contemporary reknown ?
Rex Riot is known for a remix of the Kanye West song that was from which album ?
Who played a more important role in the church George Albert Smith or Wong Jing ?
Pippa Hinchleyplayed Elaine Fenwick on a British Soap opera shown on what channel ?
Which director is from the US , Wayne Wang or W. D. Richter ?
Who preceded the man who had the Nassak Diamond cut and placed into the handle of his sword ?
What is the name of the vocalist who collaborated with the rap duo who won the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group ?
Ruddles Brewery is owned by a pub retailer and brewer based in what city ?
Who designed the building that the 58th Technology &amp; Engineering Emmy Awards were held in ?
The Red Queen &#x27;s Race is a science fiction short story that uses the Red Queen &#x27;s race from a novel by Lewis Carroll that is the sequel to what ?
Does Lucozade pre-date Hires Root Beer ?
Special K is a slang word for a medication whose main effects last how long ?
Mis&#x27;ry &#x27;s Comin &#x27; Aroun is by an American librettist that won how many Tony Awards ?
Hndrxx features a guest appearance by what Canadian singer ?
In what year did the parent show of The URL with Phred Show end ?
Isabella Kelly was born at a ruined castle characterized as one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain by who ?
Which director was born more recently , Tony Kaye or Marc Webb ?
What substance is always in a trap to prevent the passage of anything from either direction , even sewer gases ?
The physicist that saw a deficiency in Newton &#x27;s classical theory of gravity received a Nobel Prize in what year ?
From which alphabet was this alphabet derived that the name of the club Ilysiakos B.C . has the starting letter of ?
Heinrich Marschner was a composer who performed in the time frame after one of the first significant composers in what school of work ?
Who was born earlier , Garry Marshall or Leni Riefenstahl ?
Were Chad Gray and Dickie Peterson both singers ?
Killing You is a song by a band that consists of lead vocalist Danny Worsnop , guitarists Ben Bruce and Cameron Liddell , drummer James Cassells and what bassist ?
Cooperative Living Organization is located in a city that is the county seat of what county in Florida ?
Who is the English Professional Footballer that is the niece of a former footballer born in the same place as where he plays ?
What speech by Abraham Lincoln was part of Richard Heffner &#x27;s A Documentary History of the United States ?
The King who opened Newcastle Civic Center in 1968 was born in what year ?
Lou Cutell appeared on the third episode of the ninth season of an CBS sitcom that was what number episode overall ?
What competition held in Kathmandu , Nepal did Julian Bolling compete in 1984 ?
Baraki Barak District is situated in the western part of a province whose capital is what ?
Which company is based in Kentucky , Vocelli Pizza or Fazoli &#x27;s ?
What language , traditionally written with the ancient Libyco-Berber script , is closely related to the Tumzabt and Teggargrent languages ?
Who is this American cartoonist , writer , producer , animator , and voice actor that worked with this multiple Shuster Award , Harvey Award and Eisner Award nominee and an Eisner Award–winning comic book creator ?
Which NCAA record does the quarterback of the Minnesota Vikings hold ?
Where is the company owning Reliance Cricket Stadium ranked on the Fortune Global 500 list as of 2016
What year was a joint venture between RLJ Companies and this film studio founded in 2005 , founded ?
The head writer for which show also wrote a Simpsons &#x27; episode narrated by James Earl Jones ?
What university did the winner of the 2014 CFL &#x27;s Most Outstanding Defensive Player Award attend ?
Which musician or band is from further north , Matthew Good or Modern Baseball ?
Bartlett &#x27;s Bridge was built by the engineer who worked for the county seat of which Massachusetts county ?
Which case was brought to court first Miller v. California or Gates v. Collier ?
A writer for The Kenyon Review won a Pulitzer Prize in what year ?
Toby Kebbell starred in a fantasy action film based on a video game series in 2016 notably set in teh world of what ?
Shani Gandi has worked with Kelsea Ballerini in what country ?
Are Super High Me and All in This Tea both documentaries ?
Rebecca M. Bergman is the President of a college affliated with what church ?
How many records has the singer which Robert Gale tour with during his fifteen year of tour sang with dropped
Reinhold O. Schmidt was a UFO contactee in the same era as which Polish-American citizen ?
Were Darby O&#x27;Gill and the Little People and Dangal only produced by Walt Disney Pictures ?
Where was the opera , which was the subject of After Aida , first performed ?
Are George Stevens and Luc Besson American cinematographers ?
James Spedding was chiefly known as the editor of the works of an author who served both as Attorney General and as what ?
Which of the three main psychedelic compounds found in the Psilocybin genus mushroom are converted to psilocin by the body ?
Which of the following board games accommodates up to 10 players : The Game of Life or the History of the World ?
Who has a longer middle name , Alice Walker or Michael Herr ?
Who has a dedication on the score of the one-act opera buffa , Mavra , and whose music made a lasting international impression as a Russian composer ?
Who was the probably maternal grandfather of Edmund II ?
Camp Courtney was named after the Major killed in action at the battle codenamed what ?
Are Francis Ford Coppola and Jack Hill both American ?
What award did the writer of Never Let Me Go novel win in 1989 ?
Do Cathy Berberian and Dickran Tevrizian share the same profession ?
How tall was one of Drew Barry &#x27;s brothers ?
Which documentary Hacking Democracy or The Memory of Justice was produced first ?
What characteristic meaning it &#x27;s transferable between species , does monkeypox and cowpox virus both share ?
What country of origin does Traveling Wilburys and Tom Petty have in common ?
GamesMaster has a sister publicantion that is published how many times per year ?
what year did the band that sang Gives You Hell form ?
Alexander Borodin wrote what piece of music named after the Kiphchaks and Cumans ?
In what metropolitan area is the future transfer point for the line previously designated the Bi-County Transitway ?
Who opened Gunnersby Park and signed the Munich Agreement ?
Were the films Crazy Love and Welcome to Nollywood both released in 2008 ?
Arundel Castle was damaged during a war between which two groups ?
which Australian politician represented Electoral district of Goulburn
In what century did this Native warrior and chief , whose brother Tenskwatawa led the Tippecanoe order of battle , become the primary leader of a large , multi tribal confederacy ?
Chuck Berry House was where the 1957 hit single that reached what ranking on the R &amp; B singles chart was composed ?
Are Philip Cortez and Julian Castro democratic or republican ?
Who gained recognition earlier , Tim Roth or Polly Draper
Who wrote the play performed by 1948 TV actor Nicholas Amer , were he played Ferdinand ?
Who was the president of the Sinn Fein political party during the Hume-Adams Dialogue ?
Are Affenpinscher and Villanuco de Las Encartaciones both breeds of dog ?
What number album is the first W.A.S.P . album to feature Steven Edward Duren playing guitar ?
The film Navakoti Narayana was based on the life of Purandara Dasa who was born in what year ?
The eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world is located in what theme park ?
The 2016 San Jose State Spartans football team were members of a NCAA conference that officially began operations in what year ?
What other name is the Moor Park Mansion known as ?
In whose government did the original owner of Heythrop Park come to prominence ?
What occupations do both Ian Hunter and Rob Thomas have ?
Is Velvetpark or Shape magazine written more for a lesbian and queer-identified female readership ?
Which player played for Nova Southeastern Sharks , MIlwaukee Brewers and Houston Astros ?
How large of the area is the nature reserve south of Seacroft Esplanade ?
Kacha , Sevastopol is a settlement that is part of a sovereign state bordered on the northwest by which country ?
What was the birth name of the ex-slave abolitionist featured in the art installation The Dinner Party ?
What series did William Hopke play in for the Detroit Tigers which were founded in 1901 ?
Is Ashland , New Hampshire or Plymouth Regional High School located near the Scribner-Fellows State Forest ?
What character did the star of Into The Homeland play on the TV show Nashville ?
King of Norway Magnus Barefoot launched aggressive military campaigns in this region that was at times independent of external control and was known to the Norse as what ?
WFMT FM radio transmits from the second tallest building in the United States , which is located where ?
The American Sweetgum is the hostplant of what kind of bug ?
a cabinet-making firm was found which year , from Lancaster ?
Dunstan is an electoral district that includes which suburb of Adelaide in the City of Norwood Payneham St Peters ?
Are Wake Forest University and Pennsylvania State University both located in the US ?
Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days was made by the company based in what part of Tokyo ?
What game was a Philadelphia native , who played college basketball at the University of North Carolina , selected for ?
Where is the academy , for which Joseph D. Stewart was appointed Superintendent , located ?
How many times has the driver who placed third in the 2003 Italian Grand Prix won at the Grand Prix ?
are the documentaries Out of Place and The Mosuo Sisters by the same director ?
What line featured characters from a DC Comic creator by Bob Kane and Bill Finger ?
Princess Marie-Clementine Bagration was the illegitimate daughter of the Austrian Empire &#x27;s Foreign Minister whose resignation was forced by what ?
Are the Barton Mine and Hermiston-McCauley Mine located in The United States of America ?
Which of the following cities is a county-level city , Jingzhou or Zixing ?
Joseph Benavidez has been compared favorably to which retired bantamweight and featherweight MMA fighter ?
What United Kingdom Prime Minister was succeeded in the 1990s by the Leader of the Conservative Party ?
What is the name of shipping magnate Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller &#x27; father ?
What year was the magazine that Stanley Bing spent a decade at founded in ?
Who was born first , George Kuchar or Arthur Penn ?
The Red Butte Creek oil spill occurre din a pipeline that was owned by what successor company to Standard Oil ?
What Canadian actor starred in a film released on June 14th,2011 ?
Are both Stacey McClean and Biff Byford American singer ?
What is the name the French give to the war during which the Prussians occupied the Pavillon du Butard ?
Who created the 2003 remake of the 1983 overhead view , vehicular combat game developed by Bally Midway ?
What military organization does SS China Maru and Douglas SBD Dauntless have in common ?
Ghostkeeper &#x27;s plot is inspired by a legend that lends its name to what type of medical condition ?
As a Nazi hunter , Simon Wiesenthal , was apart of a fued in what time frame ?
In what Chennai location are trade laws different from rest of the country ?
George Borba was part of the team that competed at what 1970 championship ?
Roxie Hart starred the entertainer and comedic actor who had what nickname ?
To which taxonomic category do both Hyacinthoides and Anthriscus belong ?
In what Country is Sul America Esporte Clube in ?
In 2009 the OCA announced major changes to it event lists , and in what city did this multi-sport event take place ?
what type of media does Ratatouille and PlayStation 3 have in common ?
What title did the actor who worked with Sivaji Ganesan in a 1970 drama film other than actor ?
What former president of ABC television is a high ranking officer in the same company as Christine Mccarthy ?
Which of Aaron Goodwin client was born in May 31 , 1984 ?
The documentary about the first direct challenge to teaching intelligent design first aired on what station ?
To whom does the term Pietro Colonna Galatino is sometimes referred to as the inventor of refer ?
What two positions did the man who broke Buzz Arlett &#x27;s home run record play ?
Which tropical storm has been present in the Central Pacific Ocean but not in the western north Pacific Ocean ?
What rule-class city of 26,595 contains the neighborhood Plainview ?
Cowie Castle at Stonehaven , and Allardice Castle near Inverbervie , are part of a coastal chain of castles in Scotland overlooking which sea ?
What writer worked on both The Ice Cream Man and and a 2007 fantasy comedy loosely based on a Donald Henkel poem ?
Which of the following was founded in 2003 : University of Arizona or Presbyterian University College ?
North Blenheim , New York was destroyed by flooding caused by the Hurricane that landed in what month ?
Who was born first , Liam Cunningham or Michael Fassbender ?
Which former lead guitarist has a solo album named two disc compilation album ?
What occupation did Nicholas Christopher and Roger Ebert share ?
Faces is a mixtape that features guest appearances from an American rapper who released one album with Souf Folk called what ?
Which musician obtained fame first , Terry Kath or Róisín Murphy ?
What field of study is related to Ovamir Anjum &#x27;s work and is known as Islamic mysticism ?
Into Dust is a song by the alternative rock band formed in which city ?
How far from Sacramento is the flight school in Atwater ?
Are Bamboo Mañalac and Danny Jones both musicians ?
The father of Manning Marius Kimmel retired from the Navy in what year ?
Were The Bomb and Rolling Papers released in the same year ?
Which rebellion did Sir John Wedderburn and Charles Edward Stuart fight for that ended with defeat at the Battle of Culloden ?
The bomber who carried out a Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) assassination attempt against the top tier of the British government in 1984 was born in what year ?
Who starred in Umm-e-Kulsoom whose mother was Afshan Qureshi ?
Are Control Room and Meeting Resistance both documentary films that involve Iraq ?
What third film in a franchise did Camile Delamarre edit ?
What is the 2010 census population of the county where Wildcat Brook flows through Jackson ?
Chandgi Ram won a gold medal in 1970 in a continental multi-sport event held at which city ?
This art gallery is a museum was founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist who briefly sat as a Liberal MP for Wirral and later , as Lord Leverhulme , in the House of Lords as a what ?
What &#x27;s the name of the fantasy film starring Sarah Bolger , featuring a New England family who discover magical creatures around their estate ?
What professions did S. Sylvan Simon and Danny Cannon have in common ?
Who produced the sequel to the anthology horror comedy film from 2012 , which contained 26 different shorts ?
The structure in Wyoming in which Bořeň is similar to has a summit that is how many feet above sea level ?
In which year was this English singer , songwriter , musician , activist and a co-founder of the Beatles born , whose classmate Bill Harry founded Mersey Beat at Liverpool Art College ?
In what California city was the first Torrid location opened ?
Who won more awards , Frank Sinatra or Nivek Ogre ?
Zakk Wylde and Damon Albarn are both what ?
What is the formal name for the sporting facility located in Coos County , New Hampshire ?
When was the conference the The 1998 West Virginia Mountaineers football team was part of created ?
The uncle of Paul Capellani died at a military operation during a battle was fought between who ?
Are both Leycesteria and Anigozanthos native to Australia ?
Which of the office buildings used to staff the White House used to be known as the State , War , and Navy Building ?
Which has a higher population , Qinzhou or Jingjiang ?
In what year was the company founded whose Manhattan branch was the site for the recording of the live album , Park Avenue South , by Dave Brubeck and his quartet ?
Where is the animation studio that produced Mary and the Witch &#x27;s Flower based in ?
Ferdinand Zvonimir von Habsburg is the eldest son of the head of which House
What is the name of the former MGM Grand Garden Special Events Center where the Mayweather-Ortiz fight took place ?
Where was the telefilm shot that was based on the 1977 Katherine Paterson book ?
Which Victorian poet was born in a 15th-century castle home to the Earl of Southesk ?
Both the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League knockout phase and 011 UEFA Champions League Final were held at what London stadium ?
Who lived longer , Leonid Khachiyan or Nikolai Lobachevsky ?
H Pistorius &amp; Co is part of the reason for the wealth of the family that includes which South African sprinter ?
Gerald Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster was succeeded by the British aristocrat who is estimated to be worth how much ?
Who was born first of Leslie S. Hiscott and James Rolfe
Aleksandras Stulginskis &#x27; successor held office between what dates ?
Which film came out first , Still Kicking : Six Artistic Women of Project Arts &amp; Longevity or Time Bombs ?
What is the area of the desert that Ghanzi is in the middle of ?
Australian National Airways was founded by the person who made the first what in 1928 ?
What studio helped produce both Return to Never Land and McFarland , USA ?
Which person went into space at a later date , Sigmund Jähn or Christer Fuglesang ?
Aside from the Ivorian who was born in 1986 , what other big name footballer has gone through the FC Bibo ?
What is the English translation of the name of the novel series which the Four III is the final installment of ?
How long did The Shire of Flinders , which encompassed the extremity of the Mornington Peninsula located south-east of Melbourne , Australia , exist ?
Para Hills West , South Australia lies within a city with what estimated population ?
What type of bank organization is Pondicherry Gramin Bank that it operates in different States of India ?
Kenneth Anderson served under the General who was which President of the United States ?
Wheat salad is composed typically of what red fruit ?
Toni Braxton : Revealed was performed at a hotel and casino owned and operated by who ?
June Martino served as bookkeeper for the man who revolutionized what company ?
Eugene Rosenburg , who founded the Hologenome theory of evolution is a microbiologist as what university ?
What has David Bowie done in The Lodge ?
The brother of Ferdinand Alfred Friedrich Jodl served as what position in World War II ?
Sony/Philips Digital Interface Format can transmit over what Toshiba optical fiber connector system ?
What is the name of the black belt in Brizilian Jiu Jitsu who trains extensively under striking coach Ray Bronx Longo in Garden City , New York ?
Scott Parkin has been a vocal critic of Exxonmobil and another corporation that has operations in how many countries ?
Anna Aglatova made her first public appearance at which Moscow theatre in 2005 ?
What is the name of this suburb within the Central Coast Council local government area , where Tessa , of Microwave Jenny , grew up ?
Who is current vice captain of the English Test team , Jamie Atkinson or Ben Stokes ?
Nekeshia Shiondrail Henderson is an American former professional basketball guard who played college basketball for The Texas Longhorns women &#x27;s basketball team , representing what school ?
Garden Island Naval Chapel is the oldest Chistian chapel of a naval branch of what defence force ?
Jamie Campbell Bower was a cast member of the TNT show that was canceled after how many seasons ?
What NIFL Premier Intermediate League team did Sean Connor play for ?
the head football coach at the University of Houston from 2007 to 2011 , is the current team coach of which football team ?
Which novelist wrote under the pen name Walter Ericson : Laura Esquivel or Howard Fast ?
Southern California Logistics Airport is how many miles northwest of Victorville , California ?
Are Freakonomics and In the Realm of the Hackers both American documentaries ?
The nightclub Playboy Club was located at this hotel and casino located near the Las Vegas Strip that has how many rooms ?
Who co-wrote The Hidden History of the Human Race with a man know devotionally as Drutakarma dasa ?
A 1946 musical comedy starred a British actor who lived in what country throughout his adult life ?
Den Tagayasu lived in the town that was bombed on which dates ?
What was the nationality of the person Mountbatten Institute was named after ?
Was Rudolf Schwarzkogler closely associated with the Viennese Actionism group , while Howard Zieff was an American television commercial director ?
The company that Park Joo-mi made her entertainment debut as a model for has its headquarters in what building in Seoul ?
What is the alleged rank of the mafioso who ran the Chicago Outfit with John DiFronzo , Joseph Andriacchi , Angelo LaPietra and ames Marcello ?
Las Vegas Festival Grounds is north of the hotel that is owned by which company ?
What Cayman Islands registered Mandarin and Cantonese-language television broadcaster launched Phoenix Hong Kong Channel on 28 March 2011 ?
MadMaze was developed by Eric Goldberg as what type of game ?
Igor Naming Agency named a resort located where ?
Special K is a slang word for a medication whose main effects last how long ?
Are Finding Kraftland and Shikashika both frozen drinks ?
Bytham Castle is a castle in the civil parish of how many houses ?
What city and nation was the location of the 2015 Pacific Games where the Kiribati national basketball team finished with a 0-4 record ?
The Patriotic front promotes the interests of what nation particularly with the aim of gaining and mainting self governance .
What band did Gator Country guitarist that co-wrote Bloody Reunion come from ?
Which US State , hIstorically dominated by the Republican party from 1860 to 1932 is represented by State Senator George D. Maziarz ?
What country does Salmonby and Somersby , Lincolnshire have in common ?
What is the population of the town at the intersection of Interstate Highways 77 and the longest Interstate highway within the borders of Virginia ?
Who was born first Mahbub ul Haq or Ibn Arabi ?
New York State Route 9R rejoins its parent in a hamlet located in what New York County ?
The first of the Simon Bloom books was optioned by a company founded in what year ?
What is the nickname of the city where Darling &#x27;s Waterfront Pavilion is located ?
What are The Ready Set and Cell ?
The founder of The Covenant , The Sword , and the Arm of the Lord is a close associate of what man responsible for the Oklahoma City bombing ?
What is the main nickname of the professional association football club where Ewan Fenton spent thirteen seasons ?
Did Vertical Horizon or LCD Soundsystem start their bands first ?
Who was born first , Samantha Cristoforetti or Jean-Loup Chrétien
What is another name for a forest which has the hamlet of Oakenclough on the edge of it ?
Which Canadian Professional ice hockey player of Albanian origin bought in on the deal for the Ontario Raiders ?
Which player , who also played for the New Jersey Nets and the Golden State Warriors , finished third in the league with 231 three-point field goals during the 1995-96 Atlanta Hawks season ?
Bytham Castle is a castle in the civil parish of how many houses ?
What championship did the person who substituted for Simon Pagenaud secure a contract to drive in 2017 ?
Johnny Edwards and Ian Anderson are singers , who had joined the greater number of bands ?
Dean Mills Reservoir is on the slopes of the hill located in what town ?
What comic book does Hershel Greene and Carl Grimes appear in as characters ?
Which actor and film director is from German Jewish descent , Kurt Gerron or Dell Henderson ?
The House of Hanover held the British throne until after Victoria &#x27;s death , when it was past to the dynasty that ruled which duchy ?
Which of the following has released ten solo albums : Kristin Hersh or Mike Patton ?
Wich children &#x27;s novelist whow was first published in 1939 gained an internaional following writting about an orphaned girl named Anne Shirley ?
The HMS Seraph is most famous for a WWII operation intended to cover the allied invasion of Sicily in what year ?
What song was number 4 on the charts when a song from FutureSex/LoveSounds was number 1 ?
James Garner had a role in the 2004 romantic drama directed by whom ?
TACA Airlines , is an airline owned by a conglomerate owned by who ?
What class of yamaha class sport bike motorcycle did Ryuji Yokoa use when he finished as champion in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP250 Championship in 2006 ?
Which FC Barcelona signee was a contender for the Rookie of the Year Award when he played for the Timberwolves ?
What kind of song did Alexander Grant produce for Eminem ?
Which is a record producer , Zach Bogosian or Daron Malakian ?
What is the name of the daughter of the Irish entertainer in the girl band Maxi , Dick and Twink ?
Where did the steamship company whose former director was an Australian politician born in New South Wales operate for its first 100 years ?
Who was born first , Little Feat &#x27;s Lowell George , or Ian Hunter from Mott the Hoople ?
Under which ring name does the wrestler who participated in a taser match with Bam Bam Bigelow , associate himself with in the World Wrestling Federation ?
What part of the great power concerts such as the EU trio , the Nato Quint , the G7 , and the G20 , is Italy associated with ?
Was Lee Grant or Colin Campbell born first ?
What is the middle name of the Silicon Valley entrepreneur disussed in the non-fiction book The Unwinding ?
Where is the investment firm that acquired TI Automotive in 2015 headquartered ?
Ken Pruitt was a Republican member of an upper house of the legislature with how many members ?
Which movie starring Tony Longo is based on Tonka toy line and Hanna-Barbera television series ?
The Oera Linda Book is a manuscript written in a language spoken between what centuries ?
Who was born first , Adrian McLaren or Ryan McLaren ?
Which film was produced first , Dangal or The Man from Snowy River II ?
Was the 2007 documentary &#x27;Zoo &#x27; more successful than the 1998 documentary &#x27;Divine Trash &#x27; ?
Where &#x27;s Officer Tuba ? is a comedy film that stars which Hong Kong-based actress ?
Are Northwestern University and Middlebury College both private schools ?
Which magazine is published more in a year , Essence or Alt for Damerne ?
Spawn , a fictional character who Mustafa Shakir has expressed interest in playing , was created by ?
Which of the systems that uses the RedBoot is a double-deck , wide-body , four-engine jet airliner manufactured by European manufacturer Airbus ?
Were The Bomb and Rolling Papers released in the same year ?
Which magazine comes out more often , Out or Soap Opera Digest ?
My First Mister co-stars an actor who was best known for his role as what character on the TV series Roseanne ?
Rock Springs is a collection of short stories by an author born in what year ?
What was the original name of the theatrical program that was founded by Joseph Papp ?
Philip Carlo , the author of the biography of the mob assasin Richard Kuklinsk , died of which diease ? i ,
Which peak stands higher , Muztagh Ata or Manaslu ?
Whos version of Dawn of the Dead did R.D . Reid act in , the original by Zack Snyder or the remake by George A. Romero ?
What aspect of the board game Diplomacy is not found in the board game Uncle Wiggily ?
Were The Living Desert and What Would Jesus Buy ? directed by the same person ?
Careers and The Really Nasty Horse Racing Game are both what kind of game ?
What year was the actor that co-starred with Sidney Poitier in Lieel Nikita born ?
Live Acoustic America features a cover of a Beatles song that peaked at what number in the United Kingdom ?
What type of games are both Sector 41 and Enchanted Forest ?
What team is coached by former head college coach Connie Yori ?
Who were the producers of the show for which Chris McKay made his feature film directorial debut ?
What continents are the Moneuptychia found in ?
What musical was inspired by the films that included Ruth Leuwerik &#x27;s best known role ?
Where did Mark Pavelich win Gold in 1980 ?
Did both Anthony Burgess and Tennessee Williams use pen names ?
What year was the company , who released Forever Kingdom for PlayStation 2 , founded ?
Which was released later , The Strongest Man in the World , or Roving Mars ?
The W. H. Shipman House is in what Hawaii county ?
Which hospital , the Psychiatric Institute of Washington or Howard University Hospital , is known for serving the African American community including former slaves ?
What kind of creative artist was Howell Conant , famed for his work with Grace Kelly ?
What film did the sound editor for a 2013 Hong Kong-Chinese martial arts drama film based on the life story of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man win two Academy Awards for ?
On what river is the city where Stade 24 Novembre is located situated on ?
Are Northwestern University and Middlebury College both private schools ?
What was the occupation of the man who founded the Huffman Historic District which is a part of the Historic Inner East neighborhood in Dayton , Ohio , Unoited States ?
Chien-Shiung Wu &#x27;s expertise in experimental physics evoked comparisons to a scientist who passed away in which year ?
What television show was , based , on an 1908 novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery ? Anne .
What year was the voice actress of an animated television series premiered on Cartoon Network born ?
John Douglas Gibson lived his whole life in a suburb of what city ?
Moonlight starred the actor who played whom on the remake of Hawaii Five-0 ?
What was the nationality of Bernhard Heiden &#x27;s teacher ?
What star of a Matthew Senreich and Zeb Wells comedy was born in July of 1983 ?
What location under Charing Cross railway station did G-A-Y move to ?
What is the population of the city that Munsonville is in the northwest corner of ?
What was Rosario Dawson of Josie and the Pussycats film debut
When they were formed , did The Fatima Mansions or Nude have more members ?
Hugh Milburn Stone stared ina tv series created by what writer ?
What is the full name of the captain of the Australian team that won the 1930 Ashes series ?
Ms. Knope Goes to Washington is the fifth season premiere of an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as who ?
What award was won by Niels Henrik David Bohr , a Danish physicist who established the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics ?
What is the name of this Austrian association football club from Vienna for which Raphael Holzhauser was a player ?
what are the low sea stacks in the Shetland Islands called ?
What did the screewriter for a 2013 psychological thriller film directed by Denis Villeneuve get a Goya Award nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 27th Goya Awards for ?
Who was the American congressman whose actions led to a CIA program to arm Jihadi warriors in Afghanistan in the 1980 &#x27;s ?
Which contest did the singer of the song Mama &#x27;s Song win ?
The Robey-Peters Gun-Carrier was built at a commuter village with at population of what at the 2001 census ?
What NFL team did the 2017 ESPN College Football Friday Primetime host who played at Oklahoma in college play for ?
Scientific Games Corporation makes the type of games that are composed of what ?
Keanu is a 2016 American action comedy film directed by Peter Atencio and written by who ?
The Runge-Kutta methods were developed by M.W . Kutta and a German mathematician , physicist , and Spectroscopist that was born in what year ?
What kind of film was the film who featured Auli &#x27; i Cravalho ?
Do both Changle District and Longkou face water ?
The Red Queen &#x27;s Race is a science fiction short story that uses the Red Queen &#x27;s race from a novel by Lewis Carroll that is the sequel to what ?
What past honoree from the New Dramatists Organization is a powerful baritone who won the Tony Award for Best Actor in 2000 ?
What is the happiest town Sarasota county Florida ?
Are Darren Benjamin Shepherd and Rémi Lange both American ?
What film genre links Baghdad ER and Olympia ?
Who was born first , Aleksandr Ivanovsky or Arthur Lubin ?
Who constructed Auburn the Antebellum mansion and was accused of the Manhattan Well Murder ?
What three categories does income get levied under the Parliament of Australia &#x27;s tax code ?
Who was this American Founding Father , a proponent of democracy , republicanism , and individual rights , examined Ice Age fossils of Kentucky &#x27;s Big Bone Lick ?
Which magazine was published first , Woman &#x27;s Day or The Lady ?
when did the black Angolan was one of the earliest African-American landowners in what would become the United States.acieved his freedom
What was the name of the alum by the Scorpions that contained one of their most famous songs written by Klaus Meine and Herman Rarebell ?
How many miles west of Phoenix , Arizona is the base where the 63d Fighter Squadron is assigned ?
Where are Abbey Clancy and Peter Crouch from ?
Which opera has more acts , Don Quichotte or Tosca ?
Which director had the longest career , Alain Resnais or Scott Sidney ?
What college teamdid the point guard that led the way for Philedlphia 76ers in the 2017-18 season play basketball in ?
The English company behind the British Rail Class D1/3 locomotive , Ruston &amp; Hornsby is now a part of what German company ?
Which member of the music group Guy spearheaded the fusion genre New Jack Swing with Bernard Belle in the 1980 &#x27;s ?
Who died more recently , Lincoln Steffens , or Monique Wittig ?
Carl von Donop was a colonel of which German auxiliaries ?
What was the 2010 population of the town where Lake George Avenue Historic District is located ?
Are Control Room and Meeting Resistance both documentary films that involve Iraq ?
Which company owned by a Pakistani media mogul produced the Pakistani romantic drama film Dobara Phir Se ?
Let Mother Earth Speak &#x27;s Native American activist was born where ?
which sultan of the Ottoman Empire was Gevherhan Sultan her granddaughter
How many rooms does the Tropicana Hotel have where the 7th annual Adult Video News awards ceremony were held in 1980 ?
What was the alternate slang name for the World War I era grenade that the egg grenade was less awkward than to handle ?
What director worked with Vikram Bhatt on a film starring actors Rajneesh Duggal and Adah Sharma ?
For what reason did Gustavo Rodolfo Mendoza Hernandex resign to the first Jesuit pope ?
The runner-up in The Celebrity Apprentice 2 has written an autobiography titled what ?
A vehicle that uses hydrogen as its onboard fuel for motive power is cosidered which , Flex-fuel or Bi-fuel ?
What country is both Thornton–Cleveleys railway station and Poulton-le-Fylde railway station located ?
In what year was the most famous statute at Po Lin Monastery built ?
what did the second largest city by population in vietnam also serve as in the first indochina war ?
In the USA , a tobacconist , also called a tobacco shop or smoke shop , is traditionally represented by which advertisement figure , that is often a three-dimensional wooden sculpture several feet tall ?
The Swiss immigration referendum , February 2014 is an example of what , which was framed by bilateral treaties between Switzerland and the European Union ?
Lorenzo Monaco was influenced by which Italian painter and architect ?
Gretchen Gotay graduated from what American public research university that is located approximately 72 miles northeast of Atlanta ?
The Tanjong Pagar Centre replaced which tower finished in 1986 as the tallest building in Singapore ?
New York State Route 9R rejoins its parent in a hamlet located in what New York County ?
Cherie Currie and Steve Augeri were both what ?
Are both Volvic and Canfield &#x27;s Diet Chocolate Fudge natural spring waters ?
The Lowry Hotel is named after an artist , many of whose drawings and paintings depict what town ?
Mis&#x27;ry &#x27;s Comin &#x27; Aroun is by an American librettist that won how many Tony Awards ?
What country is the theme park served by the Huis Ten Bosch train service themed on ?
Are the bands Tiger Please and Black Rebel Motorcycle Club from the same country ?
What was the nickname of the author of the comic strip on which a a 2015 American 3D computer-animated comedy film produced by Blue Sky Studios and distributed by 20th Century Fox was based ?
What is the name of the album released by a British heavy metal band in February of 1981 that contains a reference to a highway ?
What major city is John Bice Memorial Oval located within ?
Are Euptelea and Muehlenbeckia both genuses ?
Red Bend Catholic College contributes 800 students of the 7,560 population of what central west region of south Wales , Australia town ?
What &#x27;s the function of Axess , an IT company spun out of Japan Airlines , the national flag carrying airline ?
This French comedy directed by Philippe de Chauveron starred actress Julia Piaton .
Metro West Ambulance serves event support for the building in Portland formerly known as what ?
What abbey , founded in 598 , was Clarembald a monk at ?
What is the name of the historic figure whom participated in surveying the borders of the District of Columbia and had a premier African American recreation center named after him ?
Woman &#x27;s Era and Naj are what kind of magazines ?
Dianne Hiles is the current Australian Greens candidate for which 1968 federal proclamation ?
Which airport served more people in 2015 Asheville Regional Airport or Orlando International Airport ?
In between Polytechnic University of the Philippines and California Polytechnic State University which was founded as a vocational high school ?
Which amusement park at Coney Island , Brooklyn , New York City , without being the grandest , was the island &#x27;s longest lasting ?
In what Chennai location are trade laws different from rest of the country ?
What WikiLeaks using whistleblower is notable for having a hacking organization with a user base of over 1,800,000 ?
Gemma Rovira Ortega translated into Spanish the 2007 and 2008 best selling book in Spain as well as which series by Patrick Rothfuss ?
What type of profession does Chris Jericho and Gary Barlow have in common ?
Were Maurice Tourneur and Greg Mottola both American film directors ?
Who hosted the ITV show Celebrities Under Pressure and All Star Family Fortunes ?
What defines Downers Grove as a thriller ?
What was the father of Kasper Schmeichel voted to be by the IFFHS in 1992 ?
Which mathematician worked with algebraic geometry instead of probability theory , Askold Khovanskii or Andrey Kolmogorov ?
The Good Dinosaur features the voice of what Canadian-born New Zealand actress ?
Which one the cast members in the film Only Lovers Left Alive also played in Othello ?
Which magazine is published more often , Shonen Jump or Rolling Stone ?
Who designed the hotel that held the IFBB professional bodybuilding competition in September 1991 ?
The Red Butte Creek oil spill occurre din a pipeline that was owned by what successor company to Standard Oil ?
What is the nationality of this company that services MS Moby Dada ?
Which American rock band is from Chapel Hill , North Carolina - Polvo or The Black Keys ?
Are Joe Walsh and Chester Bennington both guitarists ?
Who created the British television series to which Tofu was a sister series focusing on a range of sex attitudes in the twenty-first century from the viewpoint of everyday people ?
The Cineplex Odeon Theatres are now operated as which American movie theater chain majority-owned by Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group ?
What does the unique calendar system in Japan , who the first Emperor of Japan created , emphasize ?
George Lucas created what character to raise Boba Fett ?
Who has a dedication on the score of the one-act opera buffa , Mavra , and whose music made a lasting international impression as a Russian composer ?
How long did the king who created the coins of the hawaiian dollar rule ?
The coach of the Karachi Kings , Mickey Arthur , is of what decent ?
József Viola &#x27;s association was most prominent with which professional Italian football club in Turin , Piedmont ?
Are the Kabataş Erkek Lisesi school and the Küçüksu Palace located in the same city ?
Jamal Igle was known for illustrative work on which DC Comics publication ?
Which documentary film was created first , The End of Suburbia or Super High Me ?
Are both Lukas Rossi and Terry Kath American ?
What field of study is related to Ovamir Anjum &#x27;s work and is known as Islamic mysticism ?
When was the host of the Los Angeles talk radio program Religion on the Line born ?
Were the films Tonka and 101 Dalmatians released in the same decade ?
Which award David Hersey had got for Equus a play by Peter Shaffer ?
What exit of Garden State Parkway should you take in order to get to the Seacourt Pavilion ?
When did the first bank come into existence that is part of an organization that serves rural areas of India with basic banking and financial services ?
Jayaprakash Narayan was posthumously awarded what highest Indian civilian award ?
Were the films Tonka and 101 Dalmatians released in the same decade ?
Which Indian actor is best known for his role in the film Tadakha following his debut in the 2009 film Josh ?
Focus is a 2015 American romantic crime comedy-drama film starring an Australian actress who was also cast in what soap opera ?
The 2008 Football League Championship play-off Final was won by Hull City after a 38th minute goal from a striker who currently plays for who ?
Bridger , Gallatin County , Montana comprises the ski area that serves which college ?
What 4 divisions make up the company of the wealthiest person in Georgia ?
Which company had a ten year contract with the anti-hero from Escape From New York played by Kurt Russel ?
TACA Airlines , is an airline owned by a conglomerate owned by who ?
When was the friends song was released which is taken from the fourth studio album of canadian singer and song writer Justin Bieber ?
Why is Serena Williams more accomplished than Mariaan de Swardt in her tennis career ?
Where is the transportation company that owns Talbot based in ?
Who has a dedication on the score of the one-act opera buffa , Mavra , and whose music made a lasting international impression as a Russian composer ?
What Swedish songwriter worked with Taylor Swift ?
In what city did the 1959 William &amp; Mary Indians football team lose against the # 13 Naval Academy ?
What year did the musical premiere that was based on the 2007 Irish romantic musical film of the same name ?
Which retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward was a main player for Valencia CF ?
Jim Jeffcoat is currently an assistant football coach in a university that was founded how many month before Colorado was admitted to the Union ?
The Soul of Buddha is a 1918 American silent romance film shot in a borough that is the western terminus of what ?
Which filmmaker , Stan Brakhage or Alfred L. Werker , was a non-narrative filmmaker ?
One of the members of Dru Hill is nicknamed after which cartoon character ?
The 2017 Los Angeles Chargers season was the first season under which coach that began his professional coaching career with the Denver Broncos in 2000 ?
Name any class of vertebrates within the class of Mammalia that has atleast 2 types of sensors ?
Who was the director of 1935 American crime drama film , which was the feature film debut if the classic actor born on May 20,1908 ?
Besides acting in things such as Home Free , what else did Marian Mercer do ?
Who was the final champion of the Thailand Masters that was from Hong Kong ?
Where was the Barbadian singer which Rihanna was his then girlfriend raised in
Where is the movie from that is directed by Raymond Yip and stars the winner of Miss Chinese International Pageant of 1988 ?
What army did the namesake of the ship launched as the München in 1930 fight in during the American Revolutionary War ?
From which alphabet was this alphabet derived that the name of the club Ilysiakos B.C . has the starting letter of ?
Is Awolnation an American alternative rock band and This Mortal Coil was a music collective
The Black Star Line was a part of the Marcus Garvey movement that was also known by what names ?
What type of coat coloration do Colorpoint Shorthairs and Siamese share ?
What award did both Victor Heerman and Lloyd Corrigan win ?
Robert Bobby Noble &#x27;s third football engagement was with a association station where ?
Are both Superdrag and Collective Soul rock bands ?
What regional capital town is close to the all female Notre Dame High School in Fiapre ?
Candy Coburn has shared the stage with an American country music group with who playing guitar ?
Which Australian professional women &#x27;s basketball team has an American playing in it ?
In addition to Syosset Central , Half Hollow Hills Central , and the school district that has Henry L. Grishman as its superintendent , what other school district is near Hauppauge Union Free School District ?
Whos version of Dawn of the Dead did R.D . Reid act in , the original by Zack Snyder or the remake by George A. Romero ?
How long is the river for which Frenchmans Creek is a tributary ?
Who is the film dedicated to that Paramount Classics and MTV Films co-purchased the rights to ?
What role in the military did the discoverer of the elliptical galaxy NGC 3610 have before reaching Britain ?
A puzzle-platform video game developed by the Valve Corporation is part of what 2012 action-adventure game ?
Which princess of French origin did Conrad IV of Germany married to
Who is younger , Martin Luther King III or his brother Dexter ?
Which restaurant was founded first , Papa Murphy &#x27;s or Gino &#x27;s Pizza and Spaghetti ?
Erving Goffman was cited as higher than a literary critic on which guide ?
Who recorded the song written by Johnny Russell
George Molnar was born in a constitutional union of the Austrian Empire and the Kingdom of Hungary that existed from 1867 until when ?
Are Lycoris and Ammi both native to southern Asia ?
On what day did the battle that involved the Gin Drinkers Line end ?
Orange is the New Black , starring Annie Golden as Norma Romano , takes place in which minimum-security federal prison ?
Japanese destroyer Oite participated in what conflict that ended with the surrender of the American forces to the Empire of Japan ?
What is the title of the person who is Head of the Department of Biological Sciences at the University of Lincoln
In 1967 , there were how many active members in the organization whose first Grand Wizard was convicted for the 1966 murder of Vernon Dahmer ?
What is the population according to the 2007 population census of the city in which the National Archives and Library of Ethiopia is located ?
What is the international football competition for women that Liu Ailing played in the 1991,1995 , 1999 editions ?
Born on 6 March 1937 , this man was also a citizen of the United Kingdom .
What else was Baghdad known as during the Abbasid Caliphate ?
Matthew Butturini was born in a town on the Tweed River how many km north-east of Sydney ?
Where was the NBA Draft held in which Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes was selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the draft with the seventh overall pick ?
The 1974 Texas Tech Raiders football team represented what public research university in Lubbock , Texas ?
Which mountain , Masherbrum or Khunyang Chhish , is a taller mountain ?
Who was born first , Sarah Jacobson or Arthur Hiller ?
Which movie came out first Baseball or Tunisian Victory ?
Which one of the Long Island Herald newspaper chain serves a village in Nassau County , New York with a population of 6,483 ?
The La Senza brand is currently owned by a fashion retailer based in what Ohio city ?
What is another name for the butterfly of the Hesperiidae family that is found in the third largest country in Africa ?
Is the building located at 200 West Street taller than the one at 888 7th Avenue ?
In what city did Jack J. Stephans coach from 1979 to 1980 ?
Which body of water required more intensive man made barriers the Dundee Canal or Lake Worth Lagoon ?
Chuck Berry House was where the 1957 hit single that reached what ranking on the R &amp; B singles chart was composed ?
Where is the highest level of baseball which Koichi Sekikawa is a former outfielder in located
What are caesium-137 , radium and uranium-234 examples of ?
Who wrote the lyrics to the theme song that was used by the Western film series Range Busters ?
Crestfallen &#x27;s artwork is done by a photographer of which nationality ?
The 2015 Cotton Bowl was played at the stadium that was the home of which NFL team ?
The Canadian Hot 100 is a music industry record chart in Canada for for a song that is released separately from what ?
What are both Caleb Shomo and Brian Welch ?
Shaheed Udham Singh is a movie based on what massacre that took place on 13 April , 1919 ?
What computer was released earlier , Gradiente Expert or LNW-80 ?
Are Vintage Life and InStyle both US-based magazines ?
Which US State , hIstorically dominated by the Republican party from 1860 to 1932 is represented by State Senator George D. Maziarz ?
What actor , who passed away in 1942 was also the producer of the stage version of the 1940 spy film which stars Boris Karloff and Margaret Lindsay ?
Rani Jhansi Marine National Park commemorates what queen of the princely state of Jhansi in North India ?
Palestine Brigade RAF was a response to which English soldier &#x27;s request for an air formation ?
Which genus has more species Babiana or Ceratophyllum ?
How many episodes were in the original run of the HBO show that Kristin Davis played the character Charlotte York Goldenblatt ?
The Bodie &amp; Benton Railway was a narrow gauge common carrier railroad in California , from the Mono Mills to a terminus in a ghost town located how many miles away from Lake Tahoe ?
What nationality were social anthropologists Alfred Gell and Edmund Leach ?
Who directed the Hindi remake of the Korean film that starred Uhm Jung-hwa , Kim Sang-kyung , and Song Young-Chang ?
Which has more species , Festuca or Dactylis ?
Do Bloody Mary and Sidecar share any ingredients in common ?
What novel imagines the true story of a character based on a novel by Mark Twain first published in 1884 ?
Which breed of dog came first , the Norrbottenspets or the Blue Lacy ?
3 Arts Entertainment had at least one coalition with what streaming service , with its 13-episode , 2015 season of a Tina Fey created sitcom ?
What was Mike Coffman &#x27;s title after being replaced as secretary of state by Bernie Buescher ?
Charlie Rowe plays Billy Costa in a film based on what novel ?
Who was the producer of the 1994 American animated epic musical film which Mel Shaw animated ?
What does the goddess associated with the goddess frigg consists of what tales ?
Which bank has more branches , China CITIC Bank or UniCredit ?
Alex Jesaulenko , former Australian rules footballer and coach won the award The Goal of the Year . In what year did he win that award ?
What was the position in the United States Army of the Lieutenant general that Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered to ?
The 2005 film Remedy featured Frank Vincent from The Sopranos and several mob movies by which acclaimed director ?
What is this fictional scientifically and technologically advanced militaristic alien race , from which Sequoia descends , is called ?
Was Atom Egoyans biggest commercial success on stage or on film ?
Which Italian composer was known for his long-flowing melodic lines and was included in the repertoire of Maria Callas ?
Who was born first , Teru or Mike Shinoda ?
Where is the magazine headquartered that Robert W. McElroy writes for ?
Who died last Vladimir Arnold or Georg Cantor ?
What form of play does Yameen and Activision have in common ?
What was the occupation of the man who played a leading role in developing a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket launcher weapon ?
Who lived to an older age , Elia Kazan or Moustapha Akkad ?
Who was the brother of the wife of the Democratic Party nomination for Vice President in 1972 ?
Which magazine was published first , Woman &#x27;s Day or The Lady ?
Are both Leycesteria and Anigozanthos native to Australia ?
What network does the original presenter of ITV Nightly News currently present for ?
What collegiate division does the team coached by P.W . Underwood play in ?
When was the city George Consider Hale was born in founded ?
Which star of Here Come the Munsters was born in Philadelphia ?
What book provided the foundation for Masters and Johnson &#x27;s research team ?
Are Gael and Fitness published in the same country ?
McLemore Avenue is to Booker T. &amp; the M.G.s as what road in the city of Westminster in London is to the Beatles ?
What &#x27;s the NASDAQ ticker code for Spirit Airlines , based at Detroit Metro Airport among others and an ultra low cost carrier ?
How many major novels did the author write , whose 1811 book was adapted for a 2008 film with a screenplay by Andrew Davies ?
The Extreme Centre : A Warning was a book by the activist who studied at which college ?
What street was the adult entertainment district of the Liberty Tree District centered on ?
Are The Man from Snowy River II and Miracle of the White Stallions filmed in different countries ?
Ambrose Mendy has managed and/or advised a British professional boxer that as of July 2017 is ranked the world &#x27;s seventh best super middleweight by who ?
Are Glenn Bidmead and Jacob Hoggard both guitarist ?
Between two scientists Ernst Messerschmid and Philippe Perrin , who is older ?
How many miles west of Phoenix , Arizona is the base where the 63d Fighter Squadron is assigned ?
Between Mike Muir and Paul Di&#x27;Anno , who has worked with more bands ?
Ciril Cvetko is the brother of a scholar who participates in what analysis of music ?
William Hodges visited a polar region as part of a voyage , the region is how big ?
MadMaze was developed by Eric Goldberg as what type of game ?
Graham Linehan was the creator of the Ash Atalla-produced sitcom for what UK channel ?
Where is the city that Ingrida Ardišauskaitė was born in located in Lithuania ?
Which magazine was founded first , Diva or Elle ?
Beyond the Hoax : Science , Philosophy , and Culture , is by what professor of mathematics at University College London ?
Who designed the hotel that held the IFBB professional bodybuilding competition in September 1991 ?
What kind of beverage does Planter &#x27;s Punch and Black Velvet have in common ?
Creolized forms of which language are found in traditional African religions of Africa with some influence from Christianity ?
Who was born first , Grigory Margulis or Leonid Levin ?
Rebecca M. Bergman is the President of a college affliated with what church ?
What is the nickname of a professional German footballer as well as the name of a children &#x27;s book ?
Vanessa Bley is what person who organizes and often finances concerts , plays , or operas , performing a role ?
Which is located in India , University of the Philippines or The Northcap University ?
Which cast member of Pitch Perfect 2 was born March 9 , 1986 ?
What is the fourth most populous urban area in the Republic of Ireland and has the housing estate Corrib Park ?
What is common between Matt Vasgersian and Michael Casey ?
The 1991–92 NBA season included an Achilles tendon injury to which nine-time NBA All-Star ?
Are both Bird Talk and Decibel monthly magazines about birds ?
Les Patterson Saves the World was a comedy film starring the author of which autobiography ?
Ckm wz . 25 Hotchkiss was a Polish derivative of what machine gun that became the standard machine gun of the French Army during World War I ?
What US Airways pilot famously made an emergency landing on the Hudson River and went on to become an Aviation and Safety Expert for CBS News ?
The Declaration of Montreal was the founding document of which world event , lasting from July 26-August 5 , 2006 ?
What profession does John Landis and Gore Verbinski have in common ?
What date was the person born that Samuel Flores Borrego was the right hand man of ?
Katherine Ann Dettwyler was n&#x27;t rehired after she commented on the death of the student who was arrested in North Korea in what month and year ?
Who died first , Bryce Courtenay or Juan Carlos Onetti ?
Crash is similar to what 16th century British card game in the sense that there is no betting ?
The Death Camp of Tolerance is an episode from an animated television series that was created by which two people ?
Who has been a member of more music bands , Ian MacKaye or Brody Dalle ?
Party of Syrian Unity was established in the wake of a public statement that announced what ?
Which was released first , Kolejka or Ghettopoly ?
Which musician was a member of the rock band Silverchair and signed under Eleven : A Music Company ?
The Birthday of the World : and Other Stories was written by what fantasy and sci-fi author ?
What actor was also a president that Richard Darman worked with when they were in office ?
What past honoree from the New Dramatists Organization is a powerful baritone who won the Tony Award for Best Actor in 2000 ?
What is the British acceptation of the type of sedan the Maruti Suzuki Dzire is ?
Are Cryptanthus and Gagea , both a genus ?
Which former Republican won the presidential nomination at the 2012 United States Libertarian National Convention ?
Ho Iat Seng is a member of a legislative assembly that has how many members ?
What religion is the composer for India &#x27;s first science fiction film series ?
Nominated in ten categories at the 38th Annual César Awards ceremony was a film whose narrative focuses on what two people ?
What is the full name of the captain of the Australian team that won the 1930 Ashes series ?
What was the name of the storm that was the fifth hurricane of the season where Miami , Florida became the new National Hurricane Center ?
What Andy Williams &#x27; album did a song written by Charles Wesley appear on ?
Of what ethnicity is the founder of the Orchestra which debuted on January 1 , 1988 ?
What drug is among the list of illegal drugs in the Philippines and can be taken by mouth or by injection ?
Do both Kettering University and University of New Mexico offer post-secondary degrees ?
Who was undefeated since the Athens games with 28 medals ?
What type of diary did one of the founders of the John Bishop Memorial Hospital in Srinagar write ?
The McKinley Tariff was framed by the representative who was later assassinated in what month ?
Which software application was originally made for the company that acquired RadioShack in 1963 ?
Which musician &#x27;s band contains more letters in it &#x27;s name , Micky Dolenz or Jesse James Dupree ?
Which building is used for more different uses , MiMA or 270 Park Avenue ?
What position did the 2004 World Series of Poker gold bracelet holder have in the 2011 Epic Poker League ?
Thirukkalacherry is a village in which Indian town ?
Which rapper released the album Big Fish Theory featuring a number of styles of music including Detroit techno ?
Who was the writer of These Boots Are Made for Walkin &#x27; and who died in 2007 ?
During the period known as the Second Red Scare Alexander Trachtenberg was convicted under which Act ?
Dru Decaro is the lead guitarist for the RnB artist who began creating music at what age ?
What was the sequel of the game that e was published by U.S. Gold in 1992 ?
In addition to Syosset Central , Half Hollow Hills Central , and the school district that has Henry L. Grishman as its superintendent , what other school district is near Hauppauge Union Free School District ?
What title did the author of Det norske Theater &#x27;s first production hold ?
What type of structure does 277 Park Avenue and 126 Madison Avenue have in common ?
In what year did the brother-in-law of Ezzo , Count Palatine of Lotharingia , die ?
On December 4 , 1872 , the ship Mary Celeste , captained by Benjamin Briggs , was found unmanned and drifting in the Altantic Ocean near what location ?
Father Jean-Pierre Aulneau de le Touche was killed before he could go on an expedition to Mandan , which is located in which state ?
Are both Aloinopsis and Eriogonum ice plants ?
Which restaurant chain &#x27;s headquarters is further north , Pizza Inn or Papa Gino &#x27;s ?
What nationality is the sport club that the current coach of Werder Bremen played professionally for ?
What is the birthdate of this American actor , director , and producer , who starred in Not Another B Movie ?
What role did Ben Keaton play in the british film East is East written by Ayub Khan-Din ?
what is the principal activity of the company which holds that which Robert Melville previously worked with
What year did the father of Willem van Oldenbarnevelt die ?
What profession was both John Updike and Bret Easton Ellis ?
How many households does the network that Di-Gata Defenders plays on in South Africa reach ?
The 1948 Commonwealth Prime Ministers &#x27; Conference was hosted by the Prime Minister from what British party ?
In 1632 , where was one of the most highly acclaimed English architects born ?
George E. Blake was born in Yorkshire , England , formerly known as what ?
The Dalmatian parliamentary election , 1861 was held in what crown land of the Austrian Empire ?
Who is older Craig Nicholls or Norman Blake ?
Pawnography , featuring Richard Corey Harrison , is filmed in what shop and town ?
What writer is older , Bernard Malamud or Lois McMaster Bujold ?
Pak Sao is a technique in the martial art specializing in what type of fighting ?
Were The Living Desert and What Would Jesus Buy ? directed by the same person ?
At what frequency an academic journal publishes which covers numerical and computational techniques to reduce any substantial losses or gains suffered by an individual or an organization ?
In what year was the university where Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev was a professor founded ?
Who was soldier Archie A. Peck &#x27;s commanding officer during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive ?
Where are the main administrative offices of the institute located where K. S. Babu earned his PhD in 1986 ?
Who was born last , Dave Peverett or Jang Hyun-seung ?
Was Suzanne Chun Oakland a member of the upper of lower chamber of the Hawaii State Legislature ?
In which city is a football club that uses Gabriel Barbosa ?
Born 2 B.R.E.E.D . was co-written by the late singer-songwriter who has sold over how many records worldwide ?
Which is a flowering plant , Pueraria or Pleiospilos ?
What role was the English actress . who starred in The Priory known for
Isabella Kelly was born at a ruined castle characterized as one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain by who ?
What is the nickname of the WWII battleship at the Fall River Heritage State Park ?
Nicholas Medforth-Mills is a grandson to a king who was born on what day and year ?
The founder of the Ali Akbar College of Music was known for his virtuosity in what musical instrument ?
When was Ben McNiece played his debut in the Anzac Day clash against Collingwood at the Melbourne Cricket Ground ?
Are Yingkou and Fuding the same level of city ?
Which genus is native to more continents , Nothoscordum or Callirhoe ?
Which documentary is newer , War/Dance or The Sorrow and the Pity ?
Who was the defense counsel of a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death ?
A wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts played college football for a team that represents the University of Oklahoma , which belongs to what conference ?
Who composed the theme music in 1989 of an animated television series which has the current arrangement by a person who has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows ?
In which professional wrestling promotion did Randy Savage perform , after he left the World Wrestling Federation ?
Jolyon James performed the role of Moonshadow in a musical by a composer of what nationality ?
The 2014 Baylor Bears football games were played at the stadium whose name was changed during what month ?
Are Robin Wilson and Adrienne Bailon of the same nationality ?
Mawson is an electoral district that includes the wine regional around which town 35 km south of Adelaide ?
Who was born in 1922 and published a book in 1985 by Delacorte Press ?
Pashto is the main language among a diaspora that has it &#x27;s largest community in which country ?
Which American filmmaker has directed more films , Jon Paul Puno or Ken Kwapis ?
What book provided the foundation for Masters and Johnson &#x27;s research team ?
What UAE stadium was the venue for the 2016 Pakistan Super League opening ceremony ?
Jim Atchison was the President of the theme park that had headquarters in what city ?
When was Aimee Carrero &#x27;s depiction of Angie first aired ?
What Was the name of Juan Manuel Márquez &#x27;s WBO champion holding younger brother ?
Who directed the film Leigha Kayleen Hancock is best known for ?
What British made dance competition television series franchise did Claudia Albertario appear on ?
What did the main character of the Novel whose second sequel was published by Viking Adult go to college ?
Which came out first , Dinosaur or McFarland , USA
Is Dappy or Tobias Sammet German ?
What is the population according to the 2007 population census of the city in which the National Archives and Library of Ethiopia is located ?
What type of musician does Beau Bokan and Jason Scheff have in common ?
What country of origin does Shawnee Trail and Great Indian Warpath have in common ?
Show Her is a song written by a country music artist who is also a former player of what sport ?
WHAT WAS THE NAME OF THE BOOK MADE INTO THE 2015 SOUTH KOREAN CRIME THRILLER , THE DEAL , DIRECTED BY SON YONG-HO AND FEATURING SOUTH KOREAN ACTOR PARK SUNG-WOONG ( BORN JANUARY 9 , 1973 ) AS A SERIAL KILLER ?
Kaiser Ventures corporation was founded by an American industrialist who became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding ?
Are Sunset Strip and American Hardcore both music documentaries ?
Who was older , Andrew Preston or James Taylor ?
Who was soldier Archie A. Peck &#x27;s commanding officer during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive ?
Who was attempting to regain the British throne until the Raids on Lachaber and Shiramore shut down his operations ?
Were Logan Leistikow and Guru Dutt alive at the same time ?
The evil clown is a subversion of the traditional comic clown character with the modern archetype popularised by a book that follows the experiences of how many children ?
Woodland is a census-designated place in a town that had this population as of the 2010 census ?
Bordan Tkachuk was the former CEO of which company , which provides IT products ?
What is the familiar name for the first operation in the Battle of Normandy , also codenamed Operation Overlord ?
The term snake eyes is used in a particular casino game that uses what game pieces ?
With the help of Adam Lambert , Josh Abraham has sold how many albums worldwide ?
How old was Virginia Bruce when she starred in Let Freedom Ring ?
How did Emilie du Chatelet , Voltaire &#x27;s love , contribute to the basic laws of physics ?
The 1st Alabama Siege Artillery Unit were massacred by Confederate troops under whose command ?
What is the genus of the viral disease that has symptoms such as fever , chills , loss of appetite , nausea , muscle pains , and headaches , and has a chance of causing liver damage ?
In which Florida city is Skyplex being constructed , featuring Skyscraper , the tallest rollercoaster in the world ?
Travis McGee was a precursor to what contemporary mystery protagonist in a series that has been on multiple best seller lists ?
Whose former city palace did Erna Flegel work at ?
Which one of Magna Publishing Group &#x27;s tiles is a spinoff of the UK &#x27;s Club International ?
What year was the actor that co-starred with Sidney Poitier in Lieel Nikita born ?
What position did the 2004 World Series of Poker gold bracelet holder have in the 2011 Epic Poker League ?
Are Sandy Mayer and Billy Martin both more successful at doubles than singles , in terms of tournament wins ?
The host of PokerFace is from where ?
What is another movie the director of Marvel Cinematic Universe &#x27;s fifteenth film is known for ?
Who is affiliated with more countries as a director , Robert Florey and R. G. Springsteen ?
Are Alice Munro and Lillian Hellman both writers ?
Are Pothos and Tibouchina Aubl both flowering genus of plants ?
What position did Christian Albrecht Bluhme during the second military conflict as a result of the Schleswig-Holstein Question ?
Who lived longer Ellen Glasgow or N. Scott Momaday ?
What other notable role did the star actor from Jeremy perform ?
Who was a student of Rolls Gracie and ran the Gracie Humaitá school in Rio de Janeiro ?
What do both Spider-Man and Spider-Man in film have in comman
What kind of comedian was Michael Mclntyre &#x27;s father ?
Which genus contains more species , Ortegocactus or Eschscholzia ?
What fellow Turkish footballer did Darko Kovačević form an offensive partnership with during his tenure at Real Sociedad ?
Which movie starring Tony Longo is based on Tonka toy line and Hanna-Barbera television series ?
Geoffrey Serle wrote a biography about which Australian military commander who planned the Allied attack at the Battle of Amiens in 1918 ?
Which battle took place closer to New York City , Battle of Fredericksburg or the Western Allied invasion of Germany ?
What type of comedian was cloned in a series centering on Mitchell Reynolds ?
Who was born earlier , Johnny Lujack or Jim Kelly ?
Ivan Konrad Trajkovič qualified for which major international multi-sport event celebrated in the tradition of the Olympic Games , as governed by the International Olympic Committee ?
What does the goddess associated with the goddess frigg consists of what tales ?
Are John O&#x27;Hara and Rabindranath Tagore the same nationality ?
Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 includes which Brazilian footballer on the cover ?
The FIBT World Championships 1960 took place in a town located in which part of Italy ?
What relation is Anakin Skywalker to Princess Leia ?
Which documentary was produced first , The Saimaa Gesture or Eclipse of Reason ?
Who hosted the ITV show Celebrities Under Pressure and All Star Family Fortunes ?
Which of the cities of Dujiangyan City and Ezhou has the larger population according to their latest census ?
What is the Latin phrase that describes Pope Julius II &#x27;s efforts to remove Pope Alexander VI &#x27;s name from the records ?
Which performance act has a higher instrument to person ratio , Badly Drawn Boy or Wolf Alice ?
Who wrote the 1996 American historical drama film in which William Preston appeared ?
Where was one of the runners born who almost broke Craig Virgin &#x27;s Illinois Boys Cross Country record ?
What is the birthday of the singer whose songs are remixed in Queen of Clubs Trilogy : Onyx Edition ?
Priest Rapids Dam is located near which nuclear production complex ?
when was the album that includes the song by Dustin Lynch released to country radio on February 17 , 2017 ?
In addition to the individual born on August 21 , who else wrote He &#x27;s The Great Imposter ?
What kind of species on the Indonesian island of java might participate in a Rampokan .
What plant has about 40 species native to Asia , Manglietia or Abronia ?
Which bird-themed team did the baseball player , who frequented the Red Cedar Inn and was also known as Dizzy Dean , play for ?
What casino in Las Vegas which is now operated by MGM Resorts International was developed by William G. Bennett ?
Who lived longer , American author Owen Wister or Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery ?
Anna Aglatova made her first public appearance at which Moscow theatre in 2005 ?
Matt Doheny lost his primary race to what current youngest woman ever elected to Congress ?
Who was one of the star in the South Korean horror romantic comedy film of Hwang In-ho ?
Sam Mendes and Ruby Yang share what profession ?
What is the current occupation of the footballer replaced by Zdenek Zeman at the beginning of the 2012-13 A. S. Roma season ?
The northern English anglian Kingdom in the Humber estuary spoke what dialect of english ?
What year did the director of The Quiet American die ?
Let Mother Earth Speak &#x27;s Native American activist was born where ?
Who provided the source material for the 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film in which Rebecca Gibney featured ?
What championship did the person who substituted for Simon Pagenaud secure a contract to drive in 2017 ?
Who is older Craig Nicholls or Norman Blake ?
Which is longer , Hampshire and Hampden Canal or Tennessee–Tombigbee Waterway ?
How does this series represent a function , which is also used in the Homotopy analysis method ?
La Yesca Dam was inaugurated by which Mexican politiician and President of the country from 2006-2012 ?
Which male singer performed together with a female American singer , who was born in 1954 and whose third studio album was named Through His Eyes , have a hit duet with in 1985 ?
David Burns is best known working for a radio service that covered what former English county ?
Which dog breed originates from a region farther east , the Lancashire Heeler or the Russian tracker ?
Who designed the building that the 58th Technology &amp; Engineering Emmy Awards were held in ?
Isabella Kelly was born at a ruined castle characterized as one of the most isolated fortifications in Britain by who ?
Where was one of Sergei Prokofiev &#x27;s most well-known operas first performed in 1921 ?
How many consecutive years had the Serie A been comprised of 18 teams when Hernan Crespo got injured ?
Which of the movie which has Rich Lee 3-D previsualizations was directed by Francis Lawrence ?
Which of the castle along the flow of River Fiddich is a ruined castle near Dufftown in the Moray region of Scotland ?
Gene Sculatti write for CREEM sometime in the 60s or 70s , what famous term did CREEM coin for describing a genre of rock ?
What is this subfamily within the cat family Felidae named by Reginald Innes Pocock that is descendant of Pseudaelurus ?
Are Philip Cortez and Julian Castro democratic or republican ?
What English competitive sailor has Mike Bushell included top tips from in his features ?
Which 1949 British black comedy film does the Skindles hotel appear on ?
Are both Schweizerischer Niederlaufhund and Portuguese Podengo dog breeds from Portugal ?
The Lady Craved Excitement was a film that featured the British character actor originally of what nationality ?
Are both Barry Unsworth and P. G. Wodehouse from the same country ?
Where was the 2015 MSA Formula Championship , a multi-event , Formula 4 open-wheel single seater motor racing championship held ?
What record officially started in 1519 in the same state that holds the city Augustus Chapman Allen used his inheritance to fund the founding of ?
Ruffin Horne McNeill Jr. an American football coach was named interim head coach after the suspension of a head coach that lead the team to winning seasons in every year of his what ?
How many venues was in the complex at which Night of Joy was held ?
Geoffrey Rush , one of the stars in Intolerable Cruelty , is a known actor and film producer in what country ?
What Danish sports club based in Copenhagen did striker Søren Lindsted start his career at ?
Who costarred in 1935 American drama film Les Misérables with the husband of Elsa Lanchester ?
Raiffeisen Zentralbank is the central institution of one a group of co-operative banks in Austria . What is the name of the other group ?
The Cromwell station is located in which Maryland county ?
Which British Indian novelist and essayist did Anthony Burgess address in a lengthy letter ?
In what basketball position does the brother of Saulius Kuzminskas play ?
Not About Angels was used in the film adaptation of what novel by John Green ?
Who fills in occasionally for the meteorologist who replaced Ginger Zee ?
What is the nationality of the actor who was a leading man of Michèle Mercier and born on November 3 , 1921 ?
Which country is the firm that owns Babycham located ?
Which park is further south within Spain , Picos de Europa National Park or Timanfaya National Park ?
What city , located in Lincoln County , Montana , United States , is Vegepet based in ?
What did the second First Lady to be born outside the United States or areas that would become part of the United States do before marrying ?
What was Terry Owen &#x27;s son &#x27;s profession after retiring from football ?
Are Fastbacks and Local Natives both from the same US state ?
About how many people are employed by the company founded by Denise Coates ?
Who did an actress from The Secret of NIMH play in A Patch of Blue ?
Do Chestnut and Arenga trees both grow in the northern hemisphere ?
What was Robert M. Fomon &#x27;s connection to the New York Stock Exchange located at 11 Wall Street , Lower Manhattan , New York City , New York ?
Are Nathalie Sarraute and Anchee Min both writers ?
Who was the producer of the 1994 American animated epic musical film which Mel Shaw animated ?
Shepard Settlement is just south of what major New York city ?
The series of novels that reference numerous locations and incorporates themes from multiple genres is titled what ?
Billy Preston is an American college basketball player for a team that competes in what ?
What is the city where Orville Siegfried went to college and that is located in Jackson county ?
In what metropolitan area is the future transfer point for the line previously designated the Bi-County Transitway ?
What was the profession of the one who wrote a song on a 2005 album he collaborated on with Marc Predka ?
Bobby Arora is the trading director of a retail chain that was formed in what year ?
What nationality was Oliver Reed &#x27;s character in the film Royal Flash ?
Are Chumbawamba and Spin Doctors from the same country ?
Thomas Anthony Jankiewicz was best known for penning a film staring an actress who played Fiona Bowa on what NBC sitcom ?
Is Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport or Grand Forks International Airport closer to the town it is near ?
What county is Icknield Walk First School located in ?
Which is a type of gun dog , the Labrador Retriever or the Tibetan Terrier ?
Is Velvetpark or Shape magazine written more for a lesbian and queer-identified female readership ?
What is the population of the city which Deryl Dedmon came from
A Car-Tune Portrait was released on June 26 , 1937 , the cartoon gives an imaginative take on which second in a set of works by composer Franz Liszt ?
The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America includes a patron in which actress who had a role on EastEnders ?
Which publisher produced the comic books featuring both Spider-Man and the Daredevils ?
Students from approximately how many nations attend the University from which Shawn Arévalo McCollough received his Masters of Education ?
Are Villa Paletti and Betrayal at House on the Hill both board games ?
The was the album with the song Unbelievable by American rapper The Notorious B.I.G released ?
Did Ed Sullivan ever work anywhere other than the New York Daily News ?
Are Siping , Jilin and Linhai both in the same province in China ?
Which swiss watch company was forced to merge by the swiss banks in 1983 ?
Which hospital opened first , St. Elizabeths Hospital or Providence Hospital ?
which star of Hwarang : The Poet Warrior Youth was born on November 16 , 1991 ?
Who has won more literary awards , Annie Dillard or Gabriel García Márquez ?
I Can See Your Voice , a reality show from South Korea , offers what kind of performers a chance to make their dreams of stardom a reality ?
Which rock band chose its name by drawing it out of a hat , Switchfoot or Midnight Oil ?
Season of Migration to the North is a counter narrative to a novella by what Polish-British novelist ?
Perry Ellis played for the college team that competes in what conference ?
How many episodes did the season of The Simpsons which featured the voice of Lisa Kudrow contain ?
The Lowry Hotel is named after an artist , many of whose drawings and paintings depict what town ?
Gretchen Gotay graduated from what American public research university that is located approximately 72 miles northeast of Atlanta ?
The 2006 film Alien Autopsy promoted by Ant &amp; Dec made it to which spot on the British box office chart ?
Who described the captain of the winners of the 1964-65 European Cup Winners Cup as the best defender he had ever played against ?
What is this subfamily within the cat family Felidae named by Reginald Innes Pocock that is descendant of Pseudaelurus ?
What novel about a murderer inspired Till Lindemann &#x27;s music ?
Who is the costar of a movie with the star of Scott McCall and was directed by the director of Supernatural ?
Town &#x27;s first season in their new stadium was under the leadership of an English Football manager who was born when ?
What was the name of the hill that was the seat of an estate uphill Aldbury ?
What CBS-affiliated station serves Pontotoc County , Oklahoma ?
Which son of Rick Barry was born first , Brent Robert Barry or Drew William Barry ?
Who owns an English evening newspaper based in Blackpool , Lancashire ?
2014 S/S is the debut album of a South Korean boy group that was formed by who ?
Which jobs do Jeff Tremaine and Keanu Reeves share ?
Kasper Peter Schmeichel is the son of a professional footballer who was voted what in 1992 and 1993 ?
Which city in Missouri is the Route 66 State Park closest to travel from , St.Louis or Eureka ?
Simon Walker released a historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper named what ?
in 1992 Spengler Cup all matches were played at the home arena of what professional Swiss ice hockey club
What Cuban American baseball player was suspended in the new steroid policy of the 2005 Major League Baseball season ?
Which founder of Alcatraz East was born on March 31 , 1956 ?
What band was the man who compiled the tracks for The Early Years a part of when they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ?
What is the nickname of the island that is 1,415 km further to the east-southeast of Tokyo ?
When was the city George Consider Hale was born in founded ?
Are Ural Federal University and California State Polytechnic University , Pomona both public universities ?
Are NRG Energy and Raymond James Financial based in Great Britain ?
Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 includes which Brazilian footballer on the cover ?
Which Argentine telenovela broadcast by Telefe from March 12 to December 19 , 2012 starred Isabel Macedo as Jimena Benitez ?
Gerald Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster was succeeded by the British aristocrat who is estimated to be worth how much ?
Are Steve Perry and Leslie West both singers ?
Brindisi , the city where Louis-Jean-Nicolas Lejoille died , is located in what country ?
How many visitors per year does the first stop of OC Transpo Route 97 attract each year ?
This Experts Network sports analysts was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000 and played in the NFL for how many seasons ?
Who is from farther west , Halestorm or Audioslave ?
What kind of act does Whaling in Australia and Right whale have in common ?
What fictional character created by Tom Clancy was turned into a film in 2002 ?
Who programmed a cartridge-based development system made by a company noted for authoring Atari &#x27;s BASIC ?
What is the title of the person who is Head of the Department of Biological Sciences at the University of Lincoln
Are both Disney Magazine and The Ring still in publication ?
Northland Mall was the first directionally-named shopping center in Columbus , 5 years before which shopping center at the intersection of US-40 and I-270 ?
Geoff LaTulippe is an American writer whose best-known work was directed by whom ?
Which South African anti-apartheid archbishop was part of the actions against the ruling National Party government ?
Riaz-Ur-Rehman Saghar wrote songs for the Pakistani singer who has performed at what US venue ?
Which band , A Silent Film or The Frames , has more members ?
What award did the writer of Never Let Me Go novel win in 1989 ?
Which part of Handel &#x27;s Messiah covers the birth of a child who , according to the gospels of Luke and Matthew , was born in Bethlehem ?
What is the population according to the 2007 population census of the city in which the National Archives and Library of Ethiopia is located ?
What made the man who abolished the Consell in 1718 resume the throne ?
With the help of Adam Lambert , Josh Abraham has sold how many albums worldwide ?
King of Norway Magnus Barefoot launched aggressive military campaigns in this region that was at times independent of external control and was known to the Norse as what ?
In what year did the brother-in-law of Ezzo , Count Palatine of Lotharingia , die ?
Baadshah is an Indian action comedy film that was inspired by what Hong Kong action movie starring Jackie Chan and Richard Norton ?
Stoke Extinguisher is what type of musical recording that contains more tracks than a single , but is usually unqualified as an album or LP ?
Are Wilco Melissant and Todd Field both involved in the film industry ( e.g . director , filmmaker , actor ) ?
Are the Prince of Wales and Flaming beverage both non-alcoholic drinks ?
Where was Nexon who was composed by Adam Gubman located at ?
To whom does the term Pietro Colonna Galatino is sometimes referred to as the inventor of refer ?
In what county did Michael Ola attend high school ?
How many rooms are in the building built in 1883 at Garden City in Nassau County , New York ?
Arizona State Route 51 ( SR 51 ) is named after a Native American woman belonging to what tribe ?
Which airport Albany International Airport and Dane County Regional Airport is nearer its local town ?
Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete at the high school located in what Nevada city ?
Who was the recipient of a prize also given to a player for Chinese club Tianjin Quanjian ?
Which band has more members , Chvrches or Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie ?
What country of origin does Stan Williams and Adelaide Oval have in common ?
Which band originated from the United States , Milky Chance or Stone Temple Pilots ?
What title did the author of Det norske Theater &#x27;s first production hold ?
The Sophia Amalia was named after the wife of a king that ruled which two countries in 1648 ?
Who was the director of the 2007 American action film starring the actress , professionally known as Maggie Q. ?
Who was an American cartoonist and publisher who had Fred Carter working for him ?
Which KaBoom ! Entertainment Inc. film is based on a story by Rudyard Kipling ?
In 2106 this magnetically confine nuclear fusion device achieved the highest pressure of a gaseous mixture of negatively charged electrons and highly charged ions called what ?
Prior to playing for Michigan State , Keith Nichol played football for a school located in what city ?
Are both Adolfo Bioy Casares and James Norman Hall Argentinian authors ?
Are Ferocactus and Silene both types of plant ?
Where did King James reign during Samuel Parker &#x27;s time as a Bishop of Oxford ?
What day in November is Southpark most congested ?
How many film were there in the series of comedy films for which Peter Rogers is best known ?
The eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world is located in what theme park ?
What episode of South Park was the episode that aired in May before Funnybot ?
Was the famous opera comique that was based on a Prosper Merimee novella a comedy or a tragedy ?
How many cards can a player choose from to be part of their hand in the card game that was the culmination game of the United States Poker Championship ?
Which college is located in the United States , University of Delaware of University of Debrecen ?
The Whitehead Light is located in what town with a population of 2,591 during the 2010 census ?
When will Flicker , created by a member of One Direction , be released ?
Where are people with ADolf Bestelmeyer &#x27;s nationality from ?
Fiske O&#x27;Hara was born in what city Knox County , Maine , that had a population of 2,297 as of the 2010 census ?
What is the name of the so-called reform opera for Vienna that came before the one first performed in Vienna in the presence of Empress Maria Theresa ?
Which filmmaker is considered a pioneer , Herschell Gordon Lewis or Leah Meyerhoff ?
Are both Disney Magazine and The Ring still in publication ?
What did the NBA player who visited Tlacote el Bajo win during his rookie season ?
Both The Badgeman and +44 were bands concieved in which country ?
On which station did the 2014 South Korean television series , starring the main rapper of boyband SS501 , air ?
Are the Barton Mine and Hermiston-McCauley Mine located in The United States of America ?
Are both , Boise State University and Syracuse University , public colleges ?
Seth MacFarlane was the creator of the two animated short films that were created while studying at what college ?
Which filmmaker was known for animation , Lev Yilmaz or Pamela B . Green ?
What other name is the Moor Park Mansion known as ?
Which dog breed has more derivative breeds from the original , German Spitz or Norfolk Spaniel ?
How many pornographic films did the actress , who co-hosted the 29th AVN Awards with Dave Attell and Sunny Leone , appear in ?
VIVA Media AG changed it &#x27;s name in 2004 . What does their new acronym stand for ?
Jaroslav Kvapil the Czech poet was born in the Kingdom of Bohemia , also referred to by what name ?
Do the documentaries Hot Girls Wanted and The Truth According to Wikipedia have the same director ?
Michał Wiśniowiecki was related to the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki in what way ?
Bally &#x27;s &amp; Paris station is on the monorail that is of what length ?
What was the sequel of the game that e was published by U.S. Gold in 1992 ?
YouPorn was surpassed , in 2013 , by competitor sites xHamster , Pornhub , LiveJasmin , and this website that is registered to the Polish company WGCZ Holding ?
Is Karjiang a mountain and Sherpi Kangri a mountain peak ?
when was the album that includes the song by Dustin Lynch released to country radio on February 17 , 2017 ?
Thea Ruth White is best known for her voice over work as Muriel Bagge on an American animated horror comedy television series created for who ?
Where operation Operation Dragoon and Battle of Cold Harbor fought during to different wars ?
Which magazine was founded first , Allure or Genre ?
A Troll in Central Park and All Dogs Go to Heaven were both directed by which person ?
Which soccer club &#x27;s head coach was born August 1 , 1973 ?
Johnnie Casson appeared on which ex-professional footballer &#x27;s British television show ?
Which actor starred in Angels in the Outfield , Predator 2 , and Places in the Heart ?
What distinction about his birth makes the contemporary of Bill Pollack unique as a winner of the Formula One World Drivers &#x27; Championship ?
On which continent did Pia Miller make her appearance , in the teen magazine , Dolly ?
Who was born first , Chester Bennington or Mikael Stanne ?
Water Night was composed by what Grammy-winning American composer ?
The British diver featured in Splash ! specializes in what event ?
What distinction about his birth makes the contemporary of Bill Pollack unique as a winner of the Formula One World Drivers &#x27; Championship ?
Kristine Moore Gebbie is a professor at a university founded in what year ?
What type of profession does Alexandra David-Néel and Jack Kerouac have in common ?
Steven Rattazzi provides the voice for the character of Doctor Byron Orpheus on an animated series created by who ?
What theatre in St. Martin &#x27;s Lane often hosts the English National Ballet ?
SWX Right Now airs on the station that broadcasts on what channel in Billings , Montana ?
The actress who made her film debut in Friday Night Lights also starred in a 2014 French-American crime-thriller directed by whi ?
Where was the movie filmed starring Choi Yoon-young in 2012 ?
What show does the host of The 2011 Teen Choice Awards ceremony currently star on ?
Who acquired a luxury hotel and casino in Las Vegas ?
What is the first name of the mother of the artist who interpreted Karla Bonoff &#x27;s Tell Me Why ?
The German software corporation who has established Remote Function Call ( RFC ) has its headquarters in what city ?
Which Captain launched the attack which led to more casualties than any other incident in the war fought between the settlers of the nascent colony of New Netherland and the native Lenape population ?
Are both Stanley Elkin and Anne Lamott non-fiction writers ?
William Pery served as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard under the lord who served in what position from 1865 to 1868 ?
Currently , which division does the fighter , who lost to Jon Jones in the UFC 140 event , fight in ?
Moss Side railway station is on Blackpool South railway station which is how far from Waterloo Road tram stop ?
Why does the City of Boston get their christmas tree from Ainslee Glen Nova Scotia ?
Are The Writer and Jewish Currents both magazines ?
Did Greg Costikyan have the same profession as John Dolmayan ?
Which of the four US Presidents who have been assinated was shot on the grounds of the Pan-American Exposition at the Temple of Music in Buffalo , New York ?
Which movie used more styles of animation and filming , James and the Giant Peach or Tangled ?
Which company has more divisions within it , WPX Energy or Hewlett Packard Enterprise ?
What city is the the Iranian Airlines involved in the 1993 Tehran mid-air collision based out of ?
Where is the host of the American survival skills reality show , The Island , originally from ?
Which 1949 British black comedy film does the Skindles hotel appear on ?
Not About Angels was used in the film adaptation of what novel by John Green ?
Creolized forms of which language are found in traditional African religions of Africa with some influence from Christianity ?
What is the name of the person that named Moltke Nunatak after the Chief of the German General staff that served from 1906 to 1914 ?
What is the pen name of author Carolyn Janice Cherry , who wrote the Fortress Series ?
The Nike Hoop Summit has had many current NBA players as former participants , including what German player from the Dallas Mavericks ?
Carlos Salazar Lomelín is the CEO of which Mexican multinational beverage retailer ?
The eldest daughter of Princess Louise of Denmark and Norway was the wife of a king whose motto was what ?
Who has been making music long Eric Gaffney or Pearl Jam ?
Where is the game which High Rollers Casino is a type been played
W41AP is a station owned by the daily newspaper serving what nearby city in Erie County ?
What was Rosario Dawson of Josie and the Pussycats film debut
What did both Karel Bossart and Sergei Korolev design ?
In between Hymenosporum and Agrostemma which one is closely related to the widespread genus Pittosporum ?
Students from approximately how many nations attend the University from which Shawn Arévalo McCollough received his Masters of Education ?
literary magazine Okyeame was inspired by this first prime Minister of Ghana whom led Ghana to independence from what country ?
What was the lead single from Boys Like Girls album on which frontman , Martin Johnson co-wrote a song with Taylor Swift ? A : Love Drunk
The music magazine launched by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen that interviewed CupcakKe about her album Audacious in September was the first print publication to be released where ?
Are The Maine and Black both from Tempe , Arizona ?
In whose government did the original owner of Heythrop Park come to prominence ?
What languages is the journal that Michel Feher semi-regularly blogs for published in ?
How many miles west of Phoenix , Arizona is the base where the 63d Fighter Squadron is assigned ?
How tall was one of Drew Barry &#x27;s brothers ?
What song was created by the group consisting of Jeffrey Jey , Maurizio Lobina and Gabry Ponte and released on 15 January 1999 ?
Which City in the Miami metropolitan area is home to the Primetime Race Group ?
How many novels are there in the series of novels of which Shadows in Flight is the tenth novel ?
Where in London was the 2012 Olympic event featuring athletes such as Katsuaki Susa held ?
How long did the state exist whose army ransacked and looted the city , Halebidu , twice in the 14th century ?
Where is the school that Tyler Kalinoski went to located ?
The Walkley Heights suburb is located on land that was the home of a prison built in what year ?
What are the colors of the tricolour flag that was adopted in 1919 ?
What technique does Cam Clarke and Akira have in common ?
The school in which the Wilmslow Show is held is designated as what ?
What was the previous name of the Italian town that is about 15 kilometres from a former Cistercian monastery ?
Which film , The Happiest Millionaire or Mars Needs Moms , was created first ?
Which Arab World &#x27;s car was used in a American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan ?
What year was Playford B Power Station permanently closed in by its Australian operator ?
Which FC Barcelona signee was a contender for the Rookie of the Year Award when he played for the Timberwolves ?
Are Out Traveler and Reader &#x27;s Digest both magazines ?
In 2014 , the Co-operative Bank planned to launch a train service in Wiltshire called Go-op . Where is the bank headquartered
What kind of energy does a plasma weapon produce ?
What does the business Manny Cussins was chairman of make ?
Telescope Hill is near the hamlet that is in what Suffolk County , New York town ?
What is the setting for the animated sitcom which Michael Polcino &#x27;s brother Dominc works on ?
Lorenzo Monaco was influenced by which Italian painter and architect ?
What iron-hulled steamship designed by Theodore Timby was The Orleans County Monitor Newspaper named after ?
Mick Chatterton &#x27;s best season was in 1969 finishing 16th place for the year in the oldest established what ?
What is the name of the company that is the successor to News Corporation following its split on 28 June 2013 that Paul Cheesbrough works for ?
which Soviet Russian cellist.did Anton Ginsburg work best known as accompany
Piers Bizony has written articles for which magazine based in Bristol , UK ?
Carrie Coon plays Margo Dunne in a 2014 film set in what state ?
The 2006 film Alien Autopsy promoted by Ant &amp; Dec made it to which spot on the British box office chart ?
In the USA , a tobacconist , also called a tobacco shop or smoke shop , is traditionally represented by which advertisement figure , that is often a three-dimensional wooden sculpture several feet tall ?
How many minutes outside of Carson City is the Moonlite BunnyRanch on Moonlight Road ?
Do Tropical Fish Hobbyist and Curve cover the same topic ?
Who was born first , Mary Collins or Polly Draper ?
Which University was founded earlier , Pennsylvania State University or Queen &#x27;s University ?
George Gershwin is an American Composer and Judith Weir is a composer from which country ?
What is the capitol of the district that also includes the village of Shienga ?
What is the international football competition for women that Liu Ailing played in the 1991,1995 , 1999 editions ?
Bethpage State Parkway begins with an interchange at which Long Island-based limited access highway ?
Did the Sandy and Beaver Canal remain operational until a later date than the Los Angeles Aqueduct ?
What chef is the owner of a Japanese restaurant in the Tribeca neighborhood and also owns two Bar Masas in New York and Nevada ?
The reporter who digs into the campaign of a former Marine Colonel , worked where in Cleveland ?
What is the airport code for the Vilnius Airport that ceased operations in 2015 ?
What do Victor Salva and Emilio Fernández have in common ?
What former two-weight world champion is represented by boxing managed Ziggy Rozalski ?
Wojtek Wolski played for what team based in the Miami metropolitan area ?
What is the nickname of this American retired airline captain celebrated for his water landing with Jeffrey Skiles , after a bird strike and being unable to reach an airport ?
The 2000–01 A.S. Roma season had several important signings , one of which was a player that Javier Zanetti referred to him as being what kind of player ?
What Nickelodeon movie stars the actress and YouTuber who appeared alongside Jon Voight in the 2016 film American Wrestler : The Wizard ?
Which European Space Agency astronaut flew more Space Shuttle missions , Hans Schlegel of Germany or first Belgian in space Dirk Frimout ?
Who did the 39th Vice President of the United States serve under ?
The fourth episode The Simpsons &#x27; seventh season has what kind of theme ?
A wide receiver for the Toronto Argonauts played college football for a team that represents the University of Oklahoma , which belongs to what conference ?
Were the bands Skin Yard and Ostava from the U.S. ?
Q : The 7.92×57mm Mauser rifle cartridge was used by which country &#x27;s military in the 20th century ?
Were Illinois Institute of Technology and Boise State University both bounded before 1950 ?
The Pollution Prevention Act of 1990 expanded a publicly available or private database ?
FC Barcelona ambassador Ronaldinho won what French award in addition to FIFA World Player of the Year ?
Tolex and General Tire manufacture very different products , but both make accessories for what type of transportation vehicle ?
What is the name of the company that is the successor to News Corporation following its split on 28 June 2013 that Paul Cheesbrough works for ?
Are both Papa John &#x27;s Pizza and Papa Gino &#x27;s specialized in Pizza ?
What is the capacity of the Stadium , other than Kauffman Stadium , designed by Charles Deaton ?
If the Charhki Dadri crash was less dangerous than the Tenerife airport disaster , which occured firat ?
Å is part of the alphbet used in which group of Upper German dialects ?
Alexander Young , also known as George Alexander , is the uncle to which Scottish musician who replaced Malcolm Young in the band AC/DC in 2014 ?
The Cinematic Orchestra was signed to the record label based in what city ?
Who was the defense counsel of a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death ?
When was the sequel to the 2000 mystery by Dan Brown released ?
Where was the NBA Draft held in which Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes was selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the draft with the seventh overall pick ?
Step Up 2 : The Streets is the sequel to the dance film directed by whom ?
Who founded Methodism along with the man who was also part of the revival movement in England and the Great Awakening in the United States ?
What government position was held by the woman who portrayed Corliss Archer in the film Kiss and Tell ?
Kevin House Jr. played professionally for the team that is in what NFL conference ?
Are Alek Keshishian and Kirk Kerkorian both Armenian-American ?
What literary style describes the 1968 book that features a 1939 international Harvester school bus ?
Which facility was founded in Missouri , Discovery Zone or Valentino &#x27;s ?
The Sports Museum is a non-profit museum currently located in what multi-purpose arena that opened in 1995 ?
Which movie was Valeria Golino in that also stared Tom Cruise ?
Are both Stephen R. Donaldson and Michael Moorcock science fiction writers ?
What produces the hormone that promotes sodium retention in the distal nephron ?
When was the earliest known pottery created in the country which was the native land of Admiral Yi Sun-sin , who conducted the Battle of Happo ?
What is the proper name for the steroid used by the retired British track sprinter who is one of the fastest European sprinters in the history of athletics ?
The eighth-longest rollercoaster in the world is located in what theme park ?
Which Western action-adventure video game by Rockstar did Tyler Bunch act for ?
The moon represents my heart is a mandarin song made famous by Teresa Teng , what other language does she sing in ?
What characteristics do Rosario Castellanos and Arthur Hailey share ?
To what team was the 2014 NBA Rookie of the Year traded in October 2016 ?
Raúl Arellano played for Mexico in which football tournament in 1954 ?
What year was the namesake of a small island in the Town of East Hampton born ?
What is the nationality of the foreign born victim of Singapore &#x27;s caning punishment before Oliver Fricker experienced the same ?
Where did the genre of the Chapter Dos : On the Verge album originate ?
What are the names of the brothers of the special effects supervisor , known for his work on the films based on the Marvel Comics superhero team ?
What type of vehicle is the Blue Bird Wanderlodge which was manufactured in Georgia by the Blue Bird Corporation ?
Who was an important leader of the Democratic-Republican Party ?
Æthelweard was an author of a Latin version of which collection of Old English annals ?
Which was formed first , Noori or Test Icicles ?
The Little River Railroad is operated between Maryville and what pioneer Appalachian and resort community ?
Cagliostro-Walzer op.370 was composed by a man born in what year ?
What theatre in St. Martin &#x27;s Lane often hosts the English National Ballet ?
Which singer is younger , Kenny Greene or Billy Idol ?
The pavilion that the Biergarten Restaurant is a part of is in between which other pavilions at Epcot &#x27;s World Showcase ?
A Big Daddy is a fictional character in a series that has sold more than how many copies ?
Who starred in the film The Human Factor in 1979 , alongside fellow English actors Richard Attenborough and Derek Jacobi ?
Who was born more recently , Flula Borg , or Dirk Nowitzki ?
In the 2011 census what was the population of suburban area in which BA Connect is headquartered ?
Who is a guest in the final two episodes of season eighteen of South Park ?
What type of band is the group who released a 2007 compilation CD ?
What classical music written by a Russian composer did Sia heavily sample ?
Musical artist Diabolic and Vinnie Paz , who was featured on Diabolic &#x27;s second studio album Fightin &#x27; Words , are both what type of musicians ?
What town host an annual media finance conference that has featured an Australian-born American media mogul ?
Who lived longer , Alejandro Jodorowsky or Philip Saville ?
Which man who presented the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid was born on October 22 , 1930 ?
Which American comedian starred in the original cast of Saturday Night Live and played Stan Winters in the sitcom Martin ?
What is the middle name of the female MSNBC journalist critiqued on the Daily Howler ?
Which dog &#x27;s ancestors include Gordon and Irish Setters : the Manchester Terrier or the Scotch Collie ?
This term about a playwright who lived from 1564-1616 presented what about his works ?
When was the person who did the music for Manru born ?
Which band was formed first , Goldfinger or The Fray ?
Britt Walford played with what musician who is best known for his guitar work in the band Maurice
Who was born later , Jerry Garcia or Joe Gooch ?
What former city , now the fourth-largest Russian city , was the Belarusian State Technological University evacuated to in 1941 ?
What singer-songwriter from Derry appeared on Paul van Dyk &#x27;s 2012 album , Evolution ?
Erica Packer was the second wife of what Australian businessman ?
Kresy , which roughly was a part of the land beyond the so-called Curson Line , was drawn for what reason ?
Which Italian classical composer , conductor , and teacher born in 1750 composed this four-movement serenade in B-flat major for five instruments ( 2 oboes , 2 horns and 1 bassoon ) ?
Which documentary was created first , The Agronomist or American Scary ?
What facility is shared by RAAF Base Williamtown and Newcastle Airport in New South Wales ?
What nationality was the Jaguar R2 driver , Eddie Irvine ?
Both Hatter and March Hare are characters in which book ?
Are Aladdin and Song of the South produced by the same company ?
where is the American professional basketball team which Jalen Jones played for based
Who was the base where the 413th Flight Test Group is stationed named after ?
How many books are in the text composed by the founder Nyaya school of Hindu philosophy and is used in the development of Indian logic ?
What is the year of the event that occured first , Making Today a Perfect Day was produced , or Frozen was produced ?
How many rooms are in the hotel that is home to the Cirque du Soleil show Mystere ?
Khushi Ek Roag is broadcast by a company based out of where ?
The View from the Bottom is the fifth studio album by an American rock band best known for what hit song ?
When did the third international spin off of Pawn Stars debut ?
Tony Leung Ka-fai is a four time winner of the award that has been on offer since what month ?
What university did Bill Daly graduate that Gary Bettman also graduated from ?
When was the composer who created Peter Schmoll und seine Nachbarn born ?
Which American actors and comedian played a New York City tailor in The Angel Levine ?
Sum 41 and Passion Pit have what in common ?
In between Liberty and MIT Technology Review which has a circulation of over 200,000 ?
Which 50th Congressional District representative was Brent Roger Wilkes connected to in a scandal ?
At what age did Cieli di Toscana &#x27;s singer become blind ?
The Voyage is a wooden roller coaster located at a theme park divided into how many sections ?
Which three-time Olivier Award winning English actress starred in the 1981 BBC television serial , Sons and Lovers ?
What is the relationship of Yeshahework Yilma &#x27;s mother to the man who was Ethiopia &#x27;s emperor from 1930 to 1974 ?
Muslim Mahammad oglu Magomayev is the grandfther of what Soviet Azerbaijani singer who was dubbed the King of Songs ?
which star of Hwarang : The Poet Warrior Youth was born on November 16 , 1991 ?
Which team did Joe Buck &#x27;s father broadcast for ?
The Memphis Hustle are based in a suburb of a city with a population of what in 2010 ?
How long is the road the A12 is a part of ?
In which city is the parent company of Sterlite Industries headquartered ?
Who is the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation that owns Space Dev ?
Where is the highest level of baseball which Koichi Sekikawa is a former outfielder in located
The mulga apple is is often eaten by people who genetic research has inferred a date of habitation as early as when ?
What nationality is Amed Rosario , the shortstop for the New York Mets ?
Muz-TV was launched before the 24-hour music channel that was operated by what company ?
After Russell D. Moore served at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary he became the President of The Ethics &amp; Religious Liberty Commission ( ERLC ) in what year ?
Are The Maine and Black both from Tempe , Arizona ?
What major landform lended its name to both the Blue Ridge Music Center , and American &#x27;s longest linear park ?
Why is Bangor Daily News talkin about Sawin Millett ?
who features in the series which McClure hosts
Which American Director doubled as a choreographer also , Stanley Kubrick or Kenny Ortega ?
TMNT is a single-player action-adventure multi-platform action game based on a film which was the final film role for who ?
Where were the presenters of the 2016 Brit Awards from ?
From what countries are Gauhar Ali and Iftikhar Ahmed from ?
The home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment is a platform for a racing video game developed by who ?
Kang Sung-yeon played Prince Yeonsan in a film that runs for how many minutes ?
Between Pinanga and Alopecurus which genus is more common in temperate regions ?
Do both Changle District and Longkou face water ?
Genealogy is an Armenian supergroup that competed in a 2015 singing contest in what city ?
What is the name of the process used by a company that is located in New Jersey and invented Hexachrome ?
What was the former name of the stadium where the OFC U-20 Championship was played in 1986 ?
Leonard Stogel managed which rock singer known for his robe-and-turban outfit ?
Which band was formed first , Goldfinger or The Fray ?
what year was the writer of the blog Preposterous Universe born ?
When was the conference the The 1998 West Virginia Mountaineers football team was part of created ?
Garden Island Naval Chapel is the oldest Chistian chapel of a naval branch of what defence force ?
Henderson Executive Airport got its name in 1996 when it was purchased by Clark County to be used as a reliever airport for an airport named after what politican ?
Who is the author of the play that was adapted into a film and featured the orchestral arrangement Suite from Henry V ?
The Death Camp of Tolerance is an episode from an animated television series that was created by which two people ?
Marine Air Control Group 48 is stationed at Naval Station Great Lakes which located where ?
When was the American singer , songwriter , record producer , dancer and actress born who &#x27;s second studio album is Chapter II ?
One of Central Dublin &#x27;s most historic working-class neighbourhoods is the home to a football club who were the first ever winners of what cup ?
Who was the defense counsel of a German woman who underwent Catholic exorcism rites during the year before her death ?
In what country was the actor Chris Hemsworth , one of the stars in the motion picture Thor : The Dark World , born ?
Did both the Beaulieu Mine and Colomac Mine fall into bankruptcy ?
What is the latest album of Tim Hecker , the Canadian electronic music maker ?
What commentator and author questioned the validity of CORE &#x27;s non-profit status ?
What Was the name of Juan Manuel Márquez &#x27;s WBO champion holding younger brother ?
What is the name of the basketball team that trained under assistant coach , Steven Michael Henson at the University of Oklahoma ?
Which genus has more species , Quesnelia or Honeysuckle ?
In what year was the team that Luke Clark plays either right back or central midfielder for founded ?
Are both Yixing and Shaoshan county-level cities in China ?
Wheelock Whitney is just one member of the Whitney Family . Where did this American family originate from ?
Has Lasse Hallström gotten more Academy Award nominations than Dionciel Armstrong ?
The first of the Simon Bloom books was optioned by a company founded in what year ?
Carol Kane played the wife of which fictional character on Taxi ?
What famous composer was born in the town that hosts a festival of music and drama has featured Lilian Sukis ?
Who has released more solo albums , Nick Carter or Brady Seals ?
Ethel Winter worked with which avant-garde theater director ?
When was the game , in which Drew Gehling voices Gord , released for PlayStation 2 ?
Which genus has more species , Lantana or Silybum ?
What is the name of the umcoming horror film adaptation starring Melanie Griffiths daughter ?
Which of these artists is older , Warrel Dane or Roy Khan ?
What year was the man , who is credited for developing a Crescograph , born ?
How many members does the lower house of the state legislature in which Samuel Leavitt served have ?
Dean Mills Reservoir is on the slopes of the hill located in what town ?
What country does Salmonby and Somersby , Lincolnshire have in common ?
Extract starred what American actress who is known for her work on Saturday Night Live from 2005-2012 ?
The 1998–99 Los Angeles Lakers season included the signing of the rebounding specialist who had what nickname ?
What type of arts that have existed since ancient times did the Stieber Twins specialize in ?
what language did the ethnic group which Torstein Ellingsen was its drumer speaks
What did one of Electron Blue writer who is also an american musician found ?
Mazda &#x27;s Mazda6 belongs to which country &#x27;s car manufacturer ?
Which University , University of New South Wales or Purbanchal University was established first ?
Who was born first , Johan Leysen or George Clooney ?
In what state did this band form that is an American metalcore band , founded in mid-2009 , and whose lead vocalist was Jerry Roush ?
The first statue by Benjamin Victor was of a Paiute activist who was born with what name ?
Where are Abbey Clancy and Peter Crouch from ?
Why did the Japanese occupy the westernmost and largest island in the Near Islands group ?
Which battle took place closer to New York City , Battle of Fredericksburg or the Western Allied invasion of Germany ?
Are TEC-1 and Dubna 48K are based on the same processor ?
Who covered the song I Love You by Chris Write ?
The university which David R. Marchant was a member of in 1994 is located in what city ?
Which professional baseball player was born in 1984 and played as a rookie for the Los Angeles Dogers in 2007 ?
Kate Ashfield plays what role in the 2004 British horror comedy film about a zombie uprising ?
Who has released more studio albums , 10 Years or Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros ?
What composer with an Italian libretto was born 4 March 1678 ?
Which director was from a country closer to Canada , J. Searle Dawley or Lionel Ngakane ?
What is the origin of the name of the neighbourhood in which the building at 359 Broadway is located ?
The hip hop group Strange Fruit Project relates its name to what song by a famous female jazz musician and singer known for her vocal delivery and improvisational skills ?
Who described the captain of the winners of the 1964-65 European Cup Winners Cup as the best defender he had ever played against ?
When does the universe , Earth , and all life on Earth were created as believed by an organization which commissioned The Voyage That Shook The World ?
Are Danie Visser and Oliver Marach both Grand Slam tennis tournament winners at doubles ?
What park replaced American &#x27;s first waterpark designed by the creator of seaworld ?
Which film starring Patrick Tatten is based on a book written by Steve Lopez ?
Which Arab World &#x27;s car was used in a American action film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Chris Morgan ?
Rolls-Royce Welland &#x27;s name is taken from this river that is low long
Who was born earlier , Johnny Lujack or Jim Kelly ?
Live Wire Radio will possibly be considered as a replacement for a variety show created in what year ?
Getting Married in Buffalo Jump stars an actor who was born in what city ?
Are Lycoris and Ammi both native to southern Asia ?
What is the name of the popular shopping destination located close to the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort in India ?
What is this machine that is able to fly by gaining support from the air whose maneuvering is referenced to a standard rate turn , also known as a rate one turn ?
Were the Commodore 16 and Prológica CP-400 from the same country ?
What three other National forests are administered by the same people who administer the park in which the Art Loeb trail runs through ?
Which university is this American philosopher , theologian , and Christian apologist , who supports theistic science , professor at ?
The former British protectorate of Rhodesia became two countries with the Zambezi river as the border . Zimbabwe lies to the south ; which country is north of the river ?
What science fantasy young adult series , told in first person , has a set of companion books narrating the stories of enslaved worlds and alien species ?
What was the third studio album released by Richard Melville Hall ?
What was the name of the first soundtrack album made by the woman who is referred to as the Queen of Pop ?
Both Mulled wine and Blue Lagoon are considered primarily alcoholic or non-alcoholic ?
Who is younger Chris Gould or Robbie Gould ?
What prominent director worked with Orion Pictures and was born in December of 1935 ?
What was the 2010 population of the town where Lake George Avenue Historic District is located ?
On February 25 , 2017 tony Harrison lost the the International Boxing Federation light middleweight world title to a boxer from what state ?
National Stadium BTS Station is near the shopping center in what Thai city ?
Which battle took place closer to New York City , Battle of Fredericksburg or the Western Allied invasion of Germany ?
What is a Southern European island country that was home to an airline pilot who flew the CASA-212-200 Aviocar before retiring in 2008 for health reasons ?
In what month is the annual documentary film festival , that is presented by the fortnightly published British journal of literary essays , held ?
Which dog is believed to dispel ghosts and evil spirits , Segugio Italiano or Sapsali ?
Korea University College of Education is based in the city that ranks what in the world by terms of size ?
Where was the NBA Draft held in which Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes was selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the draft with the seventh overall pick ?
Which city in Missouri is the Route 66 State Park closest to travel from , St.Louis or Eureka ?
What role did Slim Dunlap take when he joined the Minnesota band the Replacements in 1987 ?
Where does the story take place in 1988 film The Moderns ?
What profession did Alan Crosland and Kurt Voss both hold ?
Which American film director hosted the 18th Independent Spirit Awards in 2002 ?
Archie Norman will succeed Robert Swannell as chairman of what British multinational retailer that is headquartered in the city of Westminster , London ?
What is the name of a member of the North Melbourne Football Club , whose brother Rob has starred in Bridgetowns Cricket Clubs Premiership in 2016/7 ?
James Garner had a role in the 2004 romantic drama directed by whom ?
What is the name of the series who &#x27;s first season was released on Netflix on September 22 , 2016 and stars actor pronounced as John-a-kite ?
Which is in the family Rutaceae , the Diplolaena or the Arenaria ?
Are Greater Swiss Mountain Dog and Harrier both dog breeds ?
Michael J . Hunter replaced the lawyer who became the administrator of which agency ?
Glaramara is a fell in the English Lake District in Cumbria that stretches from Stonethwaite which is a part of a valley and civil parrish in what Borough ?
What is the former name of the animal whose habitat the Réserve Naturelle Lomako Yokokala was established to protect ?
Who lived longer , Alejandro Jodorowsky or Philip Saville ?
When did the University , of which The Dove Marine Laboratory is a part , gain University status ? ?
The founder of this Canadian owned , American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military developed this portable tape system .
What song by Soft Cell was sampled in a Rihanna song that had three video versions ?
What is the student body for Ron Johnson &#x27;s alma mater ?
What country does Eric A. Sykes and Eccles , Greater Manchester have ion common ?
What regional capital town is close to the all female Notre Dame High School in Fiapre ?
Francisco Mela performed with which American Jazz bassist and singer born in 1984 ?
In the muti-sport games usually held every four years between nations around the Mediterranean Sea , Fatma Lanouar is best known for winning gold in which event ?
Reinhold O. Schmidt was a UFO contactee in the same era as which Polish-American citizen ?
Who would you be more worried about playing a chess game against , Marcel Duchamp or Jiang Wen
What ranks does Jerry Kyd wear while captaining the largest warship ever built for the Royal Navy ?
What is the estimated population of the city in which the suburb of Beaumont is located ?
APB and Sleeper are both from britain ?
WWE Super Tuesday took place at an arena that currently goes by what name ?
Where was the host of Australia &#x27;s Got Talent born ?
Who was born first , Bobcat Goldthwait or Maurice Elvey ?
When was the actor born who starred in Sugarfoot ?
Augustus Jesse Bowie Jr was the innovator of the switch that was crucial to leading to the passage of which federal legislation in 1936 ?
Are Catasetum and Origanum in the same family ?
Were Chad Gray and Dickie Peterson both singers ?
Christopher Oscar Pena was recognized by an entertainment-industry brand aimed at what ?
What screenplay was worked on by both Edward Carfagno and Miklos Rozsa ?
In which St. Louis Cardinal season did a player born in 1972 blow ten saves before undergoing season-ending hip surgery ?
Which is a university in Pennsylvania , University of New Haven or Carnegie Mellon University ?
Are Finding Kraftland and Shikashika both frozen drinks ?
The king of the Molossians and Epirus encamped between what two cities ?
What 1876 battle featured the Other Magpie ?
What kind of energy does a plasma weapon produce ?
Of the two men who ousted Mussolini which one was born in 1871 ?
Which team &#x27;s 2013-2014 season had players including a Slovenian who plays at both the point guard and shooting guard positions ?
Is the U.S. Bank Stadium home to the Minnesota Vikings , open air or fixed-roof ?
What election was Senator Harry Reid at in Nevada ?
What British made dance competition television series franchise did Claudia Albertario appear on ?
Who has the highest scope of profession in Peter Yates or Jang Joon-hwan
Are Darren Benjamin Shepherd and Rémi Lange both American ?
The 1948 Commonwealth Prime Ministers &#x27; Conference was hosted by the Prime Minister from what British party ?
What was the MGM Grand Garden Arena in which Britney Spears recorded fourth video album originally known as ?
Where are the main administrative offices of the institute located where K. S. Babu earned his PhD in 1986 ?
The player who defeated Johnny Majors for the Heisman Trophy in 1956 was born in what year ?
José Baviera starred in the 1962 film by the filmmaker who worked in what countries ?
Which airport is located further north in the United States , San Angelo Regional Airport or Grand Junction Regional Airport ?
The Polar Bear and Daiquiri are both examples of what ?
What profession did Alan Crosland and Kurt Voss both hold ?
Are Ural Federal University and California State Polytechnic University , Pomona both public universities ?
Phil Edwards is an American surfer from California whose photo appeared in the cover of what magazine which has over 3 million subscribers and is read by 23 million people each week ?
IS Universidad de Oriente part of the same public university system as California State University , Dominguez Hills ?
Are both Parodia and Thalictrum flowering plants ?
Is Central Illinois Regional Airport of Jacksonville International Airport further east ?
Which Nigerian footballer who plays as a forward for Shanghai Greenland Shenhua was one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions in Italy , Spain , England and Germany ?
What is the country of origin of the film Dui Purush and the music director Pankaj Mullick
The Bachelor was based on what novel written by an Austrian author ?
Which President did the American model who posed nude for Penthouse and whose story is recounted in the book &#x27;Their Lives &#x27; gain notoriety after revealing a sexual encounter with him ?
San Francisco National Cemetery is located at a park that is part of what National Recreation Area ?
Where was one of Sergei Prokofiev &#x27;s most well-known operas first performed in 1921 ?
South Dade High School is located between what two national parks ?
Arabella Chapman graduated from which school that was opened as the Albany Free Academy ?
Which team did Art Briles lead to a victory at the Orlando Citrus Bowl on December 29 , 2015 ?
The director of Panic 5 Bravo was born in what year ?
Do writers John O&#x27;Hara and Bobbie Ann Mason share the same nationality ?
Who served as the head coach for the Grizzlies in the 2004-05 season and as head coach for the Brooklyn Nets ?
Anthony Avent played basketball fo a High School that is located in a city approcimately 8 mi west of where ?
What is the city in which Bauerfield International Ariport is based out of ?
Which airport Pago Pago International Airport or Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport is closer to the central business district of their local community ?
Did both the Beaulieu Mine and Colomac Mine fall into bankruptcy ?
Triangle Brewing Company was started by a founder who had experience as what non-commercial alcohol producer ?
What animation company produced the first season of an animated television series co-created by Jorge Aguirre ?
Where was the Danish colony , in which the Scandinavian Collectors Club claims as part of their region and includes the islands of Saint Thomas , located ?
Who co-wrote Taylor Swift &#x27;s song that had its music video premiere during the pre-show of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards ?
Do the drinks Gibson and Zurracapote both contain gin ?
Where was the Super Bowl , that Alan Faneca won , played ?
Grounded Vindaloop is an episode from an animated television series that had this many episodes in its eighteenth season ?
Are McFarland , USA and The Black Hole both sports films ?
How many European Jews died in the catastrophe of which Eva Hayman is a survivor ?
In what country did Irvine Gerald Sellar develop the second-tallest free-standing structure ?
Which dog breed , the Schapendoes or the Bull Terrier , has its origins in a greater number of other dog breeds ?
What city was the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom and the birth place of Ornella Fiorentini ?
What role did Veda Hlubinka-Cook have in the making of this 1997 video game that takes place on the Orient Express , days before the start of World War I ?
What is a luxury goods company long Northern Boulevard in the Miracle Mile ?
In what directional area of Argentia would one find the Rio Hondo Department ?
Yves Apollinaire Pede made sand paintings of which South African anti-apartheid revolutionary ?
What Italian region does Slinzega come from ?
What prominent director worked with Orion Pictures and was born in December of 1935 ?
What aspect of the board game Diplomacy is not found in the board game Uncle Wiggily ?
Who was the president of the Sinn Fein political party during the Hume-Adams Dialogue ?
Which film came out first , Still Kicking : Six Artistic Women of Project Arts &amp; Longevity or Time Bombs ?
Are Ranger Rick and Tennis both sports magazines ?
Both Mulled wine and Blue Lagoon are considered primarily alcoholic or non-alcoholic ?
What age was Georgia Middleman when she started singing in the seventh-most populated city in the United States ?
Are both Don Giovanni and Cardillac operas with three acts ?
When did the tour begin for the album Taylor Swift released on October 22 , 2012 ?
What year was the voice actress of an animated television series premiered on Cartoon Network born ?
El Chavo is a video game published by Slang Publishing , that was based on what Mexican animated series that was based on another TV series created by Roberto Gomez Bolanos ?
Who composed the theme music in 1989 of an animated television series which has the current arrangement by a person who has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows ?
Which film was released first out of The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Miracle of the White Stallions ?
What film adaptation do both Jerome Bernard and Ira Lewis have in common ?
Leonard Whiting played the tragic hero of Romeo and Juliet in the film version by which director ?
José Saramago and Ivo Andrić were recipients of what award in Literature ?
Are Water dropwort and Costus both in the family Apiaceae ?
What dance competition television series features host and NFL reporter Erin Andrews ?
Who was the biological father of the emperor who built the Nemi Ships ?
Which British Indian novelist and essayist did Anthony Burgess address in a lengthy letter ?
Walt Zeboski photographed which 40th President during his campaign in 1980 ?
Are both Parodia and Thalictrum flowering plants ?
Who has released more solo albums , Ozzy Osbourne or Curt Smith ?
The 43d Air Mobility Operations Group is stationed at which largest military installation ?
The Northern Chamber Orchestra gives concerts at what estate owned by the National Trust ?
Which partner of Jash was born in 1970 ?
Does Jimmy Barnes have more hits , both solo and in a group , than Yang Seung-ho has with his group ?
The Plymouth fury produced from 1955 to 1989 was replaced by what for police and fleet applications ?
The defending EFL Championship winner will qualify for which upcoming group stage if it wins all of its participating football tournaments ?
Thomas Fitch defended John Henry Holliday when he was accused of killing men during the gunfight at the o.k . corral , when was that ?
Where does the founder of The International Grenfell Association act as a missionary to ?
What actor born in 1951 starred in Aaj Ka Robin Hood ?
Suzie Toase is best known for her role as Alecto Carrow in the Part 2 of a movie directed by who ?
Bridget Cromwell is the eldest daughter of an English military and political leader and later Lord Protector of what commonwealths ?
Which team was a Dutch former professional footballer sacked from in 2009 after the team underperformed in a string of games for the qualification for the Champions League ?
What team plays within the Big 12 Conference and has Kevin Bookout playing for them ?
What is one risk to Norway &#x27;s financial reserve ?
Who is the son of John Button under contract with as a driver ?
The Ranters were a loose collection of radical so-called heretics whose main objection was with what major division of Christendom ?
in the 2004 Hockey film produced by a former major league baseball pitcher who played the USA coach ?
The 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acres between 48th and 51st Streets in New York City feature which style of architecture ?
What was the original name of the theatrical program that was founded by Joseph Papp ?
The 2014 All-Pac-12 Conference football team featured players from the team led by which second-year head coach , who led his team to the conference title ?
Where is the movie from that is directed by Raymond Yip and stars the winner of Miss Chinese International Pageant of 1988 ?
Cooperative Living Organization is located in a city that is the county seat of what county in Florida ?
Manni Sandhu worked with what singer that was born in 1977 ?
Whose father is the name of the son of the chief counsellor to the king in Hamlet taken from ?
Maha Kali is an EP by what band from Stromstad that was formed in 1989 ?
The title track of Carla Bruni discography was used in a film directed by James Ivory , and was also used in what other film ?
Ross Pople worked with this French dominant figure of the post-war classical music world .
Which game was released first , Icehouse pieces or Kill Doctor Lucky ?
What are caesium-137 , radium and uranium-234 examples of ?
One of Central Dublin &#x27;s most historic working-class neighbourhoods is the home to a football club who were the first ever winners of what cup ?
What was the title of the failed magazine that preceded and inspired the The Science Fiction League ?
Were Basil Dean and Francis Ford Coppola both alive at some point in time ?
Which magazine was founded first , Allure or Genre ?
Which film is newer , The Apple Dumpling Gang or Heavyweights ?
What Nickelodeon movie stars the actress and YouTuber who appeared alongside Jon Voight in the 2016 film American Wrestler : The Wizard ?
John DiMaggio voices the character Shnitzel on Cartoon Network series created by who ?
What is the name of the presidential memorial in Washington , D.C that connects to an artificial island ?
How long did the career span of the actor who starred with Mickey Rooney and Marilyn Maxwell in Off Limits ?
I Love Melvin is a musical and dancing comedy film starring an American dancer , singer , and actor who co=starred with a talking mule named what ?
The Innocents is a 1961 gothic horror film that was based on a novella by Henry James published in what year ?
In what part of England is John Folwes &#x27; country house located ?
When was the plaintiff in the 1892 Barbed Wire Patent Case born ?
Was it Ishmael Reed or Joseph Campbell who said Follow your bliss ?
What actor played the male lead in a teen comedy about a high school nerd directed by Steve Rash ?
What are the professions of Tom Johnston and Daryl Palumbo ?
What Cayman Islands registered Mandarin and Cantonese-language television broadcaster launched Phoenix Hong Kong Channel on 28 March 2011 ?
What city was the capital of the Ostrogothic Kingdom and the birth place of Ornella Fiorentini ?
Are both Stanley Elkin and Anne Lamott non-fiction writers ?
What is the name of the second largest car rental company , that also has another low cost car rental company it oversees ?
Between Gareth Evans and Pierre Chenal , who &#x27;s had a more diver career ?
Who sparked the 972 unrest in Lithuanian SSR ?
Love Child is a 1982 biopic starring Beau Bridges , Mackenzie Phillips , and an actress that was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for what 1985 film ?
What aspect of the board game Diplomacy is not found in the board game Uncle Wiggily ?
Are William James and Bret Easton Ellis both screenwriters ?
Who was born first , Antonin Artaud or Elizabeth Taylor ?
David Wayne Hull ( born 1962 or 1963 ) is a leader of which group that originated in Mississippi in the early 1960s under the leadership of Samuel Bowers , its first Grand Wizard ?
M.F.A . starred the actress known for starring in what E ! reality series ?
Arnold Richards was the former chair of what organization that is a member of the Center for Jewish History ?
Which Genus has more species Eucryphia or Lepidozamia ?
Who has a dedication on the score of the one-act opera buffa , Mavra , and whose music made a lasting international impression as a Russian composer ?
Who has more scope of profession , Phil Rosen or Delmer Daves ?
What occupation do Henry Moore and John Wesley have in common ?
Who fills in occasionally for the meteorologist who replaced Ginger Zee ?
Who was born first , Johan Leysen or George Clooney ?
Which Comcast-owned film studio produced the movie Radio Patrol ?
Anna Camp had a recurring role in the Fox series created by whom ?
Which NCAA record does the quarterback of the Minnesota Vikings hold ?
What is the population of the town that gets it &#x27;s water supply from Canobie Lake ?
Where was the father of the Jackson , Mississippi mayor elected in 2017 born ?
Renzo Gracie has a victory over the UFC champion who was one of the pioneers of what sports organization ?
Where was the host of Australia &#x27;s Got Talent born ?
Who was involved in the arrest of Dread Pirate Roberts ?
When was the producer of Michel&#x27;le born ?
What series did Tom Mandrake collaborate on that was based on a fictional superhero ?
Afonwen is situated just under four miles from what road also known as the North Wales Expressway
What sport does 200-foot game and Jonathan Toews have in common ?
Home was an animation film that included which Rihanna song that premiered on February 24 , 2015 ?
When is the football club which Stan Spinks played for founded
Which airport is closer to the Atlantic ocean : Wilmington International Airport , or Texarkana Regional Airport ?
Which character in The Hunt for Red October was played by the actor who made his film debut in The Revolutionary
Are Kalenderhane Mosque and Galata Bridge both located in Istanbul ?
What Golden Globe Award actor starred in the film Little Fugitive ?
Which publication is older , the Stanford Chaparral or Dime Magazine ?
Of the two Sopranos co-stars who starred in a 2009 American thriller film together , which went on to secure the role as Tony Soprano ?
Where is the author of Killing Pablo : The Hunt for the World &#x27;s Greatest Outlaw ( 2001 ) born ?
A guitar player called Noodles is a longtime member of which band , The Smashing Pumpkins or The Offspring ?
Jonathan Groff was 30 years old when he appeared in a historical musical written by whom ?
Which retired Argentine footballer who played as a forward was a main player for Valencia CF ?
Who is the player that is Dutch who was the head of the Arsenal Football Club ?
what year did the band that sang Gives You Hell form ?
Which was released first , Hot Girls Wanted or China Blue ?
The founder of this Canadian owned , American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military developed this portable tape system .
What city and nation was the location of the 2015 Pacific Games where the Kiribati national basketball team finished with a 0-4 record ?
Which US Supreme court case involved a waiver of right to counsel Planned Parenthood v. Casey or Montejo v. Louisiana ?
What football league did the person that Wilfred Bamnjo &#x27;s nickname come from play and work at ?
Which was published earlier , La Belle Assemblée or VIVmag ?
Who was person born in Sweden 1964 that founded Hidden City Entertainment in 2004 ?
Do the genuses Catopsis and Crataegus belong to the same family ?
Toni Braxton : Revealed was performed at a hotel and casino owned and operated by who ?
Who has the highest scope of profession in Peter Yates or Jang Joon-hwan
What was the 15th comedy album by the star of the 1960s series I Spy ?
Which award David Hersey had got for Equus a play by Peter Shaffer ?
Dane William DeHaan starred in a movie directed by Anton Corbijn along side which actor ?
No . 3 Elementary Flying Training School RAAF operated at an Airport during World War 2 that is closest to Which city center in Australia ?
Which radioshow did Frank Sinatra appear on the year he won an Academy Award ?
What is the name of the man who was partners with the electrical engineer that was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in December 2000 ?
Panic ! at the Disco released their 5th studio album on what date ?
Minor league baseball games that were played between the rivalling teams of the Sooners and the Cowboys were played at the stadium formerly known as what ?
Renáta Tomanová and Larisa Neiland are former professional athletes for what sport ?
A series of ministerial meetings and agreements between European countries and includes The Swedish higher education system is called what ?
Are the libretto of Tristan und Isolde and Ariane et Barbe-bleue in the same language ?
Q : The 7.92×57mm Mauser rifle cartridge was used by which country &#x27;s military in the 20th century ?
Are Hungry Hungry Hippos and Parcheesi both published by Parker Brothers ?
Roxie Hart starred the entertainer and comedic actor who had what nickname ?
Between Yasujirō Ozu and Bent Hamer , who has more creative titles ?
Who programmed a cartridge-based development system made by a company noted for authoring Atari &#x27;s BASIC ?
Is Chicago Rockford International Airport or McClellan–Palomar Airport closer to their nearest cities ?
Were Goo Goo Dolls and Echosmith formed in the same city ?
Kete Krachi is a town in what region ?
Who is older , Gabe Saporta or John S. Hall ?
What county was Tom Hewitt born in ?
The figure skater who was coached to Olympic , World , and national titles by Richard Callaghan was born in what year ?
Walt Zeboski photographed which 40th President during his campaign in 1980 ?
Which country borders the Central African Republic and is south of Libya and east of Niger ?
Nicolau Colaco played as a defender in the men &#x27;s professional league sponsored by which company ?
Who is the British explorer and holder of several endurance records who partnered with Mike Stroud on polar expiditions ?
Who is older , Anne Noe or Jean-Marie Pfaff ?
Which genus of flowering plant is found in an environment further south , Crocosmia or Cimicifuga ?
Where did the punter for the Dallas Cowboys in the 1980s play college football ?
Which of these men , Scott Treleaven and Edmund Mortimer , is credited with working in both films and photography ?
Were Triumph of the Will and The End of America both made in the same year ?
What is the setting for the animated sitcom which Michael Polcino &#x27;s brother Dominc works on ?
Which Russian figure skating coach was a former competitive ice dancer who competed with Olga Pershankova in 1993 ?
The Declaration of Montreal was the founding document of which world event , lasting from July 26-August 5 , 2006 ?
Eusebio Valli studied alongside a physician who was the pioneer of what field ?
Were the films Crazy Love and Welcome to Nollywood both released in 2008 ?
Are both Frank Lloyd and Olivier Assayas American film directors ?
How did the name of Peter Gifford &#x27;s rock band ( 1980-1987 ) come to be chosen ?
Who directed both Last Days and Point Break ?
In the epic of Gilgamesh , where did the wise female divinity associated with fermentation live ?
Are Brainerd Lakes Regional Airport and Sawyer International Airport located in Europe ?
John Constantine Williams , Sr was cofounder of a Florida city located in what county ?
Where was the Danish colony , in which the Scandinavian Collectors Club claims as part of their region and includes the islands of Saint Thomas , located ?
The Church of St Peter in Pertenhall , Bedfordshire , England was added to this register on 13 July 1964 .
Which identifier : transwomen , cis women , or genderqueer , is a combination of masculinity and femininity or neither in gender expression ?
The Ronkonkama railroad station and the town of Islip , New York are near ?
Which Company published a magazine that was a hybrid video game/film , Red Herring or GameFan ?
What town , with a population of 4,688 in 2010 , is the KHNK radio station located in ?
Who was known by his stage name Aladin and helped organizations improve their performance as a consultant ?
The founder of this Canadian owned , American manufacturer of business jets for civilian and military developed this portable tape system .
Are Hot Rod and The Memory of Our People both magazines ?
Victor Koman &#x27;s Ph.D. in Information Technology was conferred by a university located in which city ?
When was the American actor , film director which Dana Brunetti is the president of his company born
In which theater did Heidi Brunner , a Swiss opera singer , play the role as Annio ?
Ip Man 3 is the second sequal to the biographical martial arts films first released in what year ?
Where are the main administrative offices of the institute located where K. S. Babu earned his PhD in 1986 ?
How many times has the team Jack McKeon managed won the World Series ?
Who won Miss America 2013 , which was the 86th Miss America pageant held at the PH Live in Las Vegas ?
Gerald Grosvenor , 6th Duke of Westminster was succeeded by the British aristocrat who is estimated to be worth how much ?
What is the nickname of a professional German footballer as well as the name of a children &#x27;s book ?
What was the population at the 2010 census of the city which , along with Clayton , is covered by the Mount Diablo Unified School District ?
Which Native American activist was known for his involvement in the American Indian Movement which addresses incidents of police harassment and racism against Native Americans ?
What is the name of the hotel on the Upper West Side of New York City that housed a gay bathhouse ?
What prolific English engineer , who died on 15 December 1857 , contributed to the advent of the hot air engine by way of their open cycle devices ?
Which mountain is higher , Tongshanjiabu or Himalchuli ?
Which is a formal name of a species of tree , Bee tree or Microcachrys ?
The Battle of Nanchang was fought between the Chinese Nationals and what ground-based armed force of Japan ?
Who was born first , Connie Willis or Margaret Landon ?
During which months of the year does the goalkeeper for Bengaluru FC play ?
McLemore Avenue is to Booker T. &amp; the M.G.s as what road in the city of Westminster in London is to the Beatles ?
Was either Craig Melville or Grover Jones born in Indiana ?
Brian Olsen was the lst WEC heavyweight champion before the promotion company founded in what month purchased the organization ?
What is the real name of the clock one can see on a clear day from Denmark Hill ?
What annual event occurs on a property co-founded by an American who was the best-selling recording artist of the 20th century ?
What airport serviced by American Airlines Shuttle , is also the largest airport in the New England region and 17th busiest in the U.S ?
Are Waco Regional Airport and Idaho Falls Regional Airport both city owned airports ?
Geoffrey Serle wrote a biography about which Australian military commander who planned the Allied attack at the Battle of Amiens in 1918 ?
Korea University College of Education is based in the city that ranks what in the world by terms of size ?
Where is a television transmitter located in Topeka , KS ?
Are Jerome Storm and Andrés Wood from the same country ?
Which magazine ranked the Indian Carnatic vocalist who collaborated with classical pianist Anil Srinivasan among 35 Game Changers under 35 ?
Which is a Macedonian weekly , Hänt Extra or Tea Moderna ?
Which star of Zork was also the voice of Pac-Man ?
What profession does Alex Beard and Tony Hall , Baron Hall of Birkenhead have in common ?
What island is located 808 nmi northwest of the capital of Hawaii ?
Who was born first , Krzysztof Zanussi or Thom Andersen ?
José Saramago and Ivo Andrić were recipients of what award in Literature ?
What kind of musician does Robert Plant discography and John Bonham have in common ?
What show did the co-creator with Chris Spencer of Wild &#x27; N Out debut on ?
When was the earliest film of High School and The Thorn in the Heart shot ?
George Gershwin is an American Composer and Judith Weir is a composer from which country ?
Which American sketch comedy television series starring John C. Reilly was produced by Abso Lutely Productions ?
Which movie produced by Esta Malka Charkham was the first to star a woman as the lead role ?
The person that William Flannery was an architect for entered the publishing business in what year ?
Where does the founder of The International Grenfell Association act as a missionary to ?
Which university is further North , University of New Hampshire or Stony Brook University ?
The Kellock-Taschereau Commission was appointed by a prime minister who served how long in office ?
Evan Buliung played the character Aragon who is based on a character in a book series written by which author ?
What was Mike Coffman &#x27;s title after being replaced as secretary of state by Bernie Buescher ?
The 19 high-rise commercial buildings covering 22 acres between 48th and 51st Streets in New York City feature which style of architecture ?
in 1999 , Spirit Halloween LLC was purchased by a mall retailer that has how many stores in the United States and Canada ?
Approximately what percent male is the student body of the University for which the Ouachita Baptist Tigers football program is the intercollegiate American football team ?
Do Xinghua , Jiangsu and Jingdezhen both border the same town to the north ?
What does the business Manny Cussins was chairman of make ?
The northern English anglian Kingdom in the Humber estuary spoke what dialect of english ?
which Soviet Russian cellist.did Anton Ginsburg work best known as accompany
What band was the man who compiled the tracks for The Early Years a part of when they were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ?
which is traditionally drunk before retiring to bed , Hot toddy or Kir ?
What is the familiar name for the first operation in the Battle of Normandy , also codenamed Operation Overlord ?
What profession does Matt Thiessen and George Thorogood have in common ?
What was the nickname of the hitman hired by an Italian American Criminal Organization ?
The brother of Ferdinand Alfred Friedrich Jodl served as what position in World War II ?